5000
1- this finding led to more explorations , as a result of which two ancient stoves or hearths that had been under the water hanging in an instable way from the edge of a cliff were found .
2- divers placed these articles while they were still among pieces of the canal bed in special boxes and removed from the water so that the laboratory be tested and their date determined .
3- he considered the changes in the cabinet a natural matter and added : if the process of changes finds an unnatural situation , it will certainly be damaging , but when this task takes place in a normal manner , it is a natural matter .
4- the deputy president and the head of the physical education organization emphasized in a meeting yesterday with the japanese ambassador : tehran and tokyo can have widespread cooperation with each in sport and iran welcomes this matter .
5- as the most populated city of iran tehran has witnessed numerous changes in terms of urbanity and urbanization since the time agha mohammahd khan gajar selected it as the capital till today .
6- by stating the problems in the assembly a proper solution might have been found for mr. keyhaninejad 's problem and the reasons for his refusal to attend the board meetings .
7- this report states offering the stocks of the khuzestan steel company was highly welcomed at the stock market and all the floated stock were sold in a short time .
8- on another note gholamreza heidari kord zanganeh the head of the executive board of private organization announcing the success of the offering of the stocks of khuzestan steel said : offering the stocks of khuzestan steel has been done very well and successfully and we are completely satisfied with this offering .
9- mohammad reza bahonar the parliament 's vice said in this regard : considering the high number of the decision - making councils in the country which in some cases the president was in charge of them , merging them was a necessity .
10- in an interview with fars news agency he said : another reason which necessitated merging of the councils was the debate about divergence in the decisions of these councils which were mostly not in support of each other .
11- mehdi ghazanfari on the sidelines of the eighth iran and belarus joint commission said in a gathering of reporters : the issue of downsizing government and merging the councils was a praiseworthy action , but it was expected that the status of the high council for non - petroleum exports not be relegated .
12- contrary to the critics ' viewpoint regarding the mergence of the councils , mortaza tamadon the representative of the people of shahrekord believes merging or dissolution of the money and credit council has no inconsistency with the constitution and it 's the president 's right to dissolve councils or merge with each other .
13- in this regard this member of the planning and budget commission added : dissolution and merging of the money and credit council is not of the nature of the parliament 's statutes .
14- the men who have taken the helm of this complicated ship since the beginning of this cold war are of the ilk of naser the main character of in the name of father ' and with knowledge of the past and the future are leading it .
15- the second of mehr is the birthday anniversary of a director who as is written on the tablet of appreciation given to him in thailand " the people of iran traveled with his from karkhe to rhein ' and saw the injustices of the regime ruling the world .
16- unfortunately that with the wide - ranging expansion of this virtual society , every day more residents of the real world become affected by the internet addiction disorder .
17- the internet and the resources available in it are constantly expanding and renewing and make their role in our lives more and more conspicuous and strong .
18- thus people will have access to richer and more accessible resources which will be given to them easily , almost safely and rapidly and they can satisfy their needs and most importantly enjoy and be entertained .
19- some say that the internet can make one addicted as continuously using it and others .
20- in any case whether a disorder a real and serious illness is involved or not , the fact is that this boundless virtual world has interfered with the lives of many human beings caused trouble for them .
21- the same year i became youth champion of the province .
22- no by god .
23- ironically i really don't like being punched in the face .
24- i accept what you say .
25- there are ways preventing of addiction to the internet , minimizing the ill and deplorable effects of the world - wide web .
26- this will cause the individual to become nervous and agitated difficulties and chaos in the functioning of his / her personal , social and professional life .
27- these symptoms can be described as : anxiety , compulsive thoughts about what is taking on the internet and the virtual world right now , daydreaming about the internet and conscious or unconscious movements of fingers as if typing on the keyboard .
28- now we compare drug addiction to the internet addiction : both are psychological disorders which have the periods of tolerance withdrawal and confusion in the social functioning .
29- both addicts start with a certain amount of the tool but gradually certain amount will no longer satisfy their need and inevitably a higher amount is used to get the same measure of joy and pleasure .
30- in fact the nature of internet addiction disorder ( iad ) is the inability in the control of impulse and the body of the patient is not influenced by a particular material .
31- to compare these people 's symptoms she used the clinical criteria of the " symptomatology guide of the american psychiatric association for pathological gambling disorder .
32- dr. young believes that " pathological and excessive use of the internet can like any kind of known addictions such as eating disorders , alcoholism and pathological gambling disrupt one 's personal , social , academic financial and occupational life .
33- these theories include the following : theories of psychodynamic , personality , psychosocial , behavioral and biomedical all cannot well explain any addiction and some are more applicable at explaining internet addiction .
34- during these years , hatamikia filmmaker recorded what he had personally observed in the frontlines in the frame of his camera .
35- in the union of the good people hatamikia brought his tangible people to the city and his failure led to being accused of not knowing the city .
36- although in his next movie he allotted only one sequence to the frontline and this time he took his solitary hero to the riverside of the rhein in germany .
37- the second period of hatamiki 's filmmaking which started with karkhe and continued with green ash , minoo tower and the scent of joseph 's shirt imparted this cinematographer 's endeavors in attaining a distinct voice .
38- in these movies there is no longer any sign of the transparency and limpidity of the watchman and emigrant ; both men and situations have become more complex .
39- the crystal agency along with karkhe as hatamikia 's most successful movie in attracting the audience , had another important event in it : the experience of working with parviz parastooei .
40- red ribbon , dead wave , the scarlet soil serial and now in the name of father which all had a theme related to the holy defence and its people were made with the presence of parviz parastooei .
41- any actor who works with his favorite director in a constant form that person has a general difference with other directors and this differentiating feature is the ground for his priority .
42- before farhad tohidi began to write this film script , another group wanted to write a cript based on this same book .
43- that group had used a combination of some different stories but in the end the movie was produced using a script by farhad tohidi and directed by maziar miri .
44- either they have been martyred in the hospital from the pain of becoming a self sacrificer some time ago or are still carrying on with the pains which they have from those days .
45- they asserted many times that these elections are not transparent and free and democracy will not be observed in it .
46- one of the latest of these technologies is high definition television ( hdtv ) .
47- the technology on analogue televisions for years despite the great advances of the digital world had been left almost untouched .
48- the difference of using these image transmission systems is because of a difference in the first technology of image transmission in these countries .
49- it is the baran kosari and pouria poursorkhi 's sense of and brotherhood that pushes the story forward and keeps us waiting anxiously the young sister delivered to her brother .
50- like real that happened during the years of war ; sisters and brothers who were living under one roof and their lives depended on each others .
51- apart from the third day in the movie a place for living we are also facing situations ; a large family which gets involved with war days and the bombardments and iraqis ' arrival render them homeless .
52- although this film was not viewed , it had good and famous actors ; from ezzatullah entezami to hedie tehrani and hanie tavassoli .
53- here is where the human beings ' selfishness gets to the world of cinema and television and war , takes a real form otherwise before this , most of the clashes concerned war ; iraqis and iranians .
54- in all these years , the genuine filmmakers of the holy defense movement tried to proceed along with the developments of the society and some of them interpreted this as distancing from cinema of war .
55- the range of these restrictions is wide too and starts at not welcoming new outlooks and extends to the lack of facilities and fund .
56- he adds : since our war was ( fortunately ) a defensive war , our warriors took an ideal image while the war had happened to all iranians ; iranians who consisted of women and children and ethnic minorities .
57- abandoned making war films in their definite sense and engaged in its repercussions and consequently professional directors of this genre distanced themselves from it .
58- he adds : another reason for the standstill in cinema of war is the dearth of necessary facilities , funds and techniques for the production of this kind of movies .
59- a cinema which limited resources in the private sector hinder its production and this problem results in the production of war films to be exclusively in the hands of governmental bodies who do not reflect forwardness .
60- like the movie leily is with me which a real and credible picture of a warrior and also having a humorous tone , didn't harm its nature .
61- tani added : during my stay in iran i could meet with a number of famous iranian musicians like hussein dehlavi and faramarz payvar and take advantage of their or their students ' knowledge .
62- regarding his aim in publishing the book iranian music ' in japan , ha said : my motive in publishing this book is to further familiarize japanese people with iranian music which is unknown to the people of japan .
63- tani added : this issue has not changed much now either and japan still faces a dearth of books on the knowledge of iranian authentic music and so i tried to eliminate this deficiency to some extent by publishing the book iranian music .
64- naturally few human beings like to do such a mission as his life is in jeopardy and it is here that robots set foot on the scene of existence again .
65- missions which humans can hardly do and if they do they are full of hazards and a mistake can cause the loss of their lives .
66- unmanned aeroplanes ( uav ) are always spying and taking pictures of the environment and mine - hunting robots disarming landmines and the planted bombs in different places .
67- practical assessment of robots in the battle ground has encouraged american military forces to further the military robots production projects with more efforts and they are now receiving huge budgets from the government for this work .
68- as we see islamic countries are caught in cultural occupation , we have no way except for returning to prophet 's ( pbuh ) teachings .
69- there is no for man escape the slight experience of these states although they are few in daily life .
70- men of all epochs , in their souls depth , have felt in life the manifestation of this splendid nothingness .
71- come ponder on these states a little .
72- there exist moments in life in which man feels that he is more in that moment and he lives more .
73- he continued : all these audacities that sometimes take place in today 's world , although bitter , have not reduced the increasing attention to the prophet ( p b u h ) .
74- their irrationality made them do it , which at that time did not have an effect except making prophet ( p more sparkling and better introduced .
75- he considered preservation of minorities ' rights one of the principles of democratic administrations and said " minority 's rights should not be ignored and the group positioned as the majority should not be indifferent to the rights of minorities .
76- on the eighth night of symphony suite rasoul - e eshgh - o omid in vahadat hall , dr. seyyed mohammad khatami and mohammad bagher ghalibaf the mayor of tehran attended the concert .
77- irna at this music ahmad tavakkoli , consultative ahmadreza darvish , movie director were also present .
78- main office of the information and pressof ministry of foreign affair , husseini these statements can be regarded as lack of respect the american leaders for the honorable afghan leaders and interfering with the interior affairs of this country .
79- it is necessary to clean the back and inside of ears every day morning and evening when washing the face , since the inner ear and eardrum are very sensitive .
80- while cleaning the ears , no sharp object must be used , since it can hurt or tear the eardrum .
81- recently the work of psychologists , psychoanalysts , psychiatrists and those whose are in a way related to the mind of the young people seems .
82- in these situations nations and cultures are facing new opportunities and threats which on the one hand create understanding and on the other hand between them .
83- preserving identity is not an obstacle in the way of political , social and cultural extension which is the result of globalization moreover , from ignorantly and accepting the dominant cultures active encounter the framework of our cultural politics view .
84- according to internet business times , david vikari abdollah we should explain all the privileges of the islamic banking clearly to absorb more foreign investments .
85- quran reading quran aroused strange excitement in him because he was aware the secrets of quran , as if heart was a safe tablet quran .
86- that was a perspective of moral and human personality of his excellency ali - ibn - al hussein in a concise and summary manner .
87- this part of fruitful life which exceeded twenty years was spent in peace , since the responsibility dangerous of conducting and leading the islamic community and developing the great intentions of the prophet of islam was with imam hassan and imam hussein .
88- therefore he stood against the horrible storms like a bright candle in that dark days and shone like the sun among the dark clouds the world of islam .
89- in the second part , life in quran , living beings in quran , sudden or slow changes , god 's commitment to send prophets , mass misfortunes and disasters , creation human humans in quarn
90- the first chapter titled who is ammar ? , the family , birth , titles , children and external features of ammar yaser .
91- the second chapter ammar 's vitues ammar in quarn , ammar from the point of view of the prophet and and ammar as the narrator the issues of this chapter .
92- salman farsi faithful of the prophet is a perfect model ; different behavioral and moral aspects which can be useful for all people .
93- the beginning that the music part was merely traditional music , i was not playing because there a santour was sufficient .
94- i think my entry was more for the sake of completing the group .
95- hooshang : the reason for bringing ardavan to the group was more this that we saw him making progress in playing santour .
96- hooshang : after the revolution fellows had cooperation with other groups .
97- esteghamati advised the patients to refer only to science committees and added at the moment the state diabetes committee , internal tumors society and diabetes society of iran are the only authentic places diabetes .
98- experts recommend open cuts instead of using honey on your own immediately take to a medical center so that if necessary care and medicine .
99- tahmasebi believded that cement must be out of basket and a price also be determined for the cement to control the market .
100- because if cement is let out of basket , no price can be determined for it and we should let the imports and exports the market .
101- if productions work according to the plan of industrial ministry , supply will exceed the demand and possibly pave the way for deregulation
102- at the meeting of administrative council of bistoun which was held in the presence of abdolmaleki governor general 's nominator kermanshah , engineer pazhohandeh was introduced as the new mayor of bistoun and rahimi 's efforts were appreciated .
103- at this meeting the friday imam of tabriz pointing to congress of honoring said holding ceremonies honoring scientists and elites of azarbaijan must cultural authorities of province .
104- the formal policy of china is making progress in a friendly way but some of the chinese are suspicious about the united states ' intentions and have viewpoints about relations with america .
105- some chinese authorities consider the military presence of america in middle asia and mongolia and vietnam the united states a plan to beseige china .
106- beijing is suspicious about selling of weapons to taiwan and chinese military planners are worried that in case a crisis , united states may block way of accessing strategic products .
107- even some of the experts on china say that united states is against the economic development of china and use prevention exporting modern technology to china america as proof of their claim .
108- some also believe united states in the name of supporting democracy intends to pave the way of uproar or a florid revolution like incidents of east europe in china .
109- is here which means he 's with himself and his deeds forever because and changes of identity and is impossible and
110- and since his deeds manifestation and caused and created as a result they are always with him and he is with them .
111- if due to repentance or intercession and the like , a person is moved into a higher position , again this repentance and intercession will be observable in its celestial and will hide or bad actions of the past .
112- suppose a calligrapher , a painter , a carpenter , and a blacksmith are all alive and have skills of calligraphy , painting , carpentry and blacksmithing . of course there is no doubt their differences regarding skills .
113- it can be said that the most obvious advantage of using modern methods in massive activities is and solving the massive problems of countries and saving resources and capacities .
114- the report adds the ministry of housing and urbanization is gathering the reports and will soon release the results of reports in fact giving over lands and facilities .
115- among the sequences of fire in the field of natural resources , seifi pointed the destruction of the echo system of the area , destruction of plants and sources of producing oxygen , earth erosion and intensifying floods .
116- ear ache babies indicate their unrest through averting the head abnormally trying to scratch the ears , high fever and crying .
117- he continued " a governmental economy to a private economy is a complicated and sensitive process and in this process which has privatization is the most sensitive and complicated .
118- his work is not like kimiayi ; he is a different filmmaker .
119- not that this has value or a different type of directing has value no , it 's a system .
120- but this did not happen in the chairman .
121- you have to ask him .
122- the necessity of returning their assets and recognizing the serb community as citizens like prior to $year war .
123- he added : complaining from the past authorities of esteqlal club jabbari emphasized that he hadn't been taken care when injured .
124- a student of seminary was killed in this conflict .
125- once again tehran 's bazar was closed and people headed by ayatollah tabataba'i and behbahani staged a sit - in in the jame'a mosque .
126- in this sit - in for the first time sheik fazlollah noori , as the highest ranking clergyman in tehran joined .
127- discussions the king and representatives of those staging the sit - in on deposing eynoddolleh bore no fruit .
128- as the conflicts between soldiers and people intensified , olama and their companions departed tehran qom .
129- this movement was later called " the greater immigration " .
130- bacon in this way criticizes the ancient philosophy and wisdom and then supplies a method for acquiring knowledge .
131- their scientific methodology didn't yield practical results .
132- meaning that sagacity is for the rulers courage is for the army and self - possession and discipline are for the common people .
133- from agustin 's point of view justice means conformity with order .
134- denmark 's reaction to the russian action was to protest likewise .
135- the most recent statistics show one third of teenage internet users in the united states are victims of internet threats .
136- this problem however is not new and could also be seen in previous governments .
137- the government 's reports are ambiguous and are not communicative of the true economical situation of the country in domestic and foreign arenas .
138- taking a realistic point of view we can find out both of these reports and logical .
139- the question is that to what extent have the foreign investments produced economical added value for the country ?
140- what percentage of the domestic production of the country a result of foreign investments ?
141- there are variables in the working system , known as demographic variables .
142- these variables include : age , sex , experience and the working position people take responsibility of .
143- actually in every organization and working environment there is a particular dominant atmosphere which we call organizational culture .
144- he : individuals who enter an organization usually have not matured
145- at first it is better this individual investigates the organization in which he is intending to work .
146- anyway you the star in the third day , pourya poursorkh !
147- if this had been my first play , but many people keeping up their guards hey this guy an actor .
148- this was why i tried so hard that they couldn't ignore it were left with no option but to nominate .
149- we are so much amused with the talks that we enter with delay
150- he personally likes this scene very much ; " from an emotional point of view it was one of my best sequences
151- a brilliant idea has crossed the brother 's mind ; he digs a pit and hides his sister therein .
152- the sound of the iraqis ' gunfire can be heard from the other side of the house .
153- reza runs towards the wall and climbs nimbly .
154- because of shortage of time , they couldn't provide a simple crane for mr. latifi .
155- we also came across bad conditions at the end of .
156- rainfalls prevented us from working a day .
157- the next day we would have to work more intensively in order to production .
158- i say decisively ( nice ferdousipour
159- poursorkh 's defense we continue watching the rest of the film
160- i liked and felt so much that i could exactly play it .
161- poursorkh isn't old enough to remember the fronts and the war , so how can he get involved in the environment so well ?
162- the third day documentary really helped me to in the environment of those days .
163- there are some areas in the city which as the mementos of war reconstruction is prohibited and they have enclosed them with barbed wire .
164- an authority went saw places reconstruction is allowed has differences .
165- working with young actors poses a sort of risk to any director .
166- why ?
167- of course this is one side of the coin .
168- the seed of dialogue with majid nadiry the manager of the sport radio channel had emerged a while ago .
169- although after the end of conversation with him we noticed all we said had been completely critical .
170- now you may consider this matter the strength of your work .
171- ultimately written media are being published for these reasons and we prefer to go for the specialized discussions .
172- of course the story is not as you say .
173- we in " morning sport only seek to inform .
174- " a good evening with sport is the same .
175- " always with sport also the same .
176- yes , if it happens , certainly .
177- but it is not logical that this program be weekly .
178- we look for this in sport radio .
179- so i will talk to the authorities too and you also transfer such a matter .
180- but if you ask what glycemic index is and its low level has what benefit , the answer is not so complex .
181- all carbohydrates , such as starch , are made from sugary units .
182- at digestion time and absorption of food , these long chains , should break up into sugary units .
183- if you eat sweeties such as sugar cube and candies , immediately your blood sugar goes up .
184- these kinds of foods have lower glycemic index .
185- therefore the blood sugar is consumed sooner and we will not any more witness fatness and also the conditions of diabetes .
186- having this artificial hand who 's watching aroused envy in the heart of many handicaps , nowadays is not just a hope .
187- this charcteristic has greatly increased the maneuvering power and the operations of the i - limb .
188- he was the first one for whom last year the i - limb was installed .
189- after the arrival of the foreigners in order to issue the working visa the hiv test will be done again .
190- because based on the statements of doctor shokr in some countries the methods of testing for aids disease are not advanced and they cannot be trusted .
191- one of the other reasons of repeating this test will be to avoide the possible deceptions of the placement agencies .
192- it seems this action is along the new programs of the government of emirate in order to fight against the aids disease .
193- thus from now on the special clinics for the patients infected with aids in all health centers should be established .
194- these clinics will start their operations from the beginning of next year .
195- currently emirate has only one specialized aids clinic .
196- in these centers specialized doctors will work .
197- those who write poetry in this period are even or maybe especially cynical or dubious of themselves .
198- in the gatherings as though they are ashamed they scarcely confess poets .
199- the office workers or bus passengers when notice they are dealing with a poet , their behavior mixes with a little disbelief and fear .
200- this is much more respectable .
201- but there is nothing named " poetry professor .
202- it is not so far away the first decades of this century when its poets tried with strange cloths and exaggerated behaviors to impress us .
203- it is not without reason that the life story of the artists and the scientists are filmed so often .
204- the results of the medical research which are done on a limited number of people may later be rejected with larger investigations .
205- during the first six months of this year toyota surpassed general motors became world 's biggest car manufacturer .
206- the increase in the price of gasoline has resulted in the increase in the receptiveness of american people towards hybrid cars especially toyota prius .
207- bloomberg news agency reporting this added : the price of honda accord in china will reach the price of this car in america .
208- increasing power of competition in the chinese market has been announced the most important reason for the decrease in the price of honda accord .
209- accord is regarded as honds 's bestseller in china .
210- honda is the first foreign car manufacturer that would start joint manufacturing of automobiles with chinese companies in that country .
211- the first market for direct sale of agricultural and livestock products was established in shahr e kord .
212- but already banks do not encounter limitations in drawing from the foreign exchange reserve account .
213- from that time on the number of hiv / aids has been increasing day by day in the country .
214- will anyone in the society give them a job and employ them ?
215- as reported by the reporter of mehr , according to bilateral agreement , the new modality will be based on the framework of the comprehensive padman agreement .
216- based on the reports , the explosion was in a highly populated shiite suburb .
217- a compact about the age of voters and the increase in special seats for women in parliament were among other agreements of these two political leaders .
218- contact between ms bhuto and general mosharraf and formation of a secular coalition against the religious forces is the start of election moves in the country .
219- the technology analogue televisions for years despite the great advances of the digital world had been left almost untouched .
220- the difference of using these image transmission systems is because of a difference in the first installed technology of image transmission in these countries .
221- alireza always said mother what you do if i become martyr ?
222- i said don't say this words mom 's darling , i get demolished .
223- now alireza has gone and i am alive ; a life worse than death .
224- i have written a letter to ayatollah shahroudi and i am waiting for the reply .
225- he was taciturn but kind .
226- he was very active .
227- he loved excitation and innovation .
228- he said these jobs are like a cage for him .
229- they tie his hands and feet .
230- in the last two years implemented examinations showed that most of the oral patients in emirates are in a bad condition .
231- director of the play glorious smile of mr. gail said on radi : i radi is the hero of dramatic our times .
232- this matter caused loud protest of some representatives , politicians and lawyer 's syndicates .
233- he also said " there are no evidences showing that representatives have neglected their duties .
234- encyclopedias were seldom arranged in alphabetical prior to seventeenth century .
235- these encyclopedias claimed include complete and comprehensive information all knowledge .
236- after all , the french producers of the first encyclopedias the necessity of networking knowledge .
237- they at that time took advantage of foot notes and cross references , methods that are also used at present .
238- starting $year wikipedia has also been responding to many requests .
239- these studies show that the process of production and distribution of bottles of water help global warming .
240- in new york too some restaurants have stopped selling water bottles .
241- to day informative graphics can be seen everywhere , from printed materials to traffic signs .
242- rumors construction of the garmabdar to lar road certain .
243- apparently the conservation of environment organization has verified the rout and ministry of road will send its loaders to the sight very soon .
244- these barriers are modern tools which have been very much neglected in economic policy makings of iran .
245- preparing : it is a collection of actions to increase the ability of society different phases of crisis management .
246- incidently such matter has also been foreseen in the law .
247- incidently some reporters without academic courses and theoretical work due to their having extensive experience have been good and qualified reporters .
248- thus a newspaper must not under the name of a general publication do the work of a party .
249- a need that above all is the guarantor for the continued existence of reformist thoughts within the body of society
250- a power that in the words of ahmedi - nezhad the president , today or tomorrow will eventually enter into the club of adults . "
251- part of the french police is under the supervision of the municipalities that are called the municipal police .
252- nouri al - maliki the prime minister of iraq with the issue of a statement also issued an order for an investigation regarding the assassination .
253- however the extent and cost of these forces have never been recorded .
254- yes , the leadership of the government plays a role in that area of functional issues which affect the strategies .
255- this is the functional area of the foreign policy which is in line with the strategy .
256- is khordad .
257- imam had a special sensitivity and attention towards the foreign policy and the foreign ministry .
258- this attention even applied in the appointment of the ambassadors and yet also the foreign ministry 's high officials ' conduct .
259- this obsession and sensitivity never existed towards other ministries .
260- was this continuity due to imam coming to terms with the president and the prime minister and parliament over the foreign minister ?
261- yes this exactly happened .
262- i went to visit imam .
263- said if .
264- the world would say that foreign policy had changed .
265- see this interpretation full of meanings .
266- yes that 's right .
267- he has appraised different sectors of the government in will .
268- the first period coincides with the war and the second period the post - war eras and the government 's movement towards stability .
269- do you evaluate these two periods ?
270- there is absolutely no experimental or epidemiological evidence to defend the above theory .
271- to ensure hygienic products safety different tests are done on them such as antiperspirants .
272- fact : mammography can be uncomfortable but the compression of the breast during it only takes a few minutes .
273- during mammography one can be exposed to very small degree of radiation .
274- none of the talents which are concealed in each individual like a treasure be left untapped .
275- one of the most important ambitions of society is cultural social and moral education of students .
276- what society do we want to build ?
277- what practical and clear steps should we take to build such a society ?
278- what training should be used in building such a society ?
279- how should such a system be organized ?
280- what should we give to it and what should we expect from it ?
281- selecting the education concerns the whole society and requires thorough and democratic discussions .
282- adorno in regard to music calls this phenomena declining hearing .
283- in fact this issue reduces intellectualism 's reaction against bourgeois art .
284- but alongside the sensitivity that kazakhs had , some interesting and appropriate laws were incidentally legislated as well .
285- among these laws we can point to the first traffic guideline of tehran .
286- while have not yet apprised the parliament .
287- with the growth in the field of political psychology the need for a comprehensive textbook of the specialized branches of political psychology has increased .
288- martha cottam beth uhler elena mastors thomas preston have written an introduction to political psychology .
289- readers do not need background knowledge in psychology or political science to understand the contents of this book .
290- the governmental structure of the print journalism has led to its underdevelopment .
291- few are those who do not know mohammad ali inanlo .
292- he has introduced parts of iran to us his documentary films .
293- after the revolution he has been the managing director of some periodicals in the field of hunting and nature .
294- about the history of the attention to environmental problems in the iranian media he said : the issue of conveyance of information is not confined to the press .
295- our ancestors had newspapers which after thousands of years provided their audience with information .
296- these newspapers are the rock engravings .
297- drive three hours to golpayegan to get to gharghaab .
298- dr. farhadi has given an extensive account of these rock engravings in book museums in the wind .
299- he added : information conveying media are different in different historical eras .
300- nature in the era of myths was depicted in a book like shahname .
301- taq - e - bostan located in kermanshah is an evidence of this claim .
302- mohammad ali inanlo said : for the first time a periodical in the era of naseruddin shah qajar published a subject on nature .
303- the urban administration needs to establish connections with all the citizens for managing the city and eliminating these crises .
304- the environment does not have an appropriate status in our people 's social memory .
305- an orientalist in visiting the golestan museum says : " it is strange !
306- types a and b hemophilia through the genetic path located the x chromosome .
307- girls have two x chromosomes , while boys have one y chromosome .
308- a women carrier of hemophilia , has only one hemophilia gene on one of her x chromosomes .
309- in case a carrier person becoming pregnant , there is a fifty percent chance of passing the gene onto fetus .
310- in the event that the fetus is a boy , it is certain he suffer hemophilia .
311- in case mother carrier passing on the gene to a female child , she will make her a carrier of the disease .
312- almost among one third children afflicted to hemophilia , there is no family history of suffering from this disease .
313- it is believed that in this case , the diseases can be related to a mutated gene .
314- laboratory methods exist to examine potential carriers which determine whether they are actually an abnormal gene carrier or not .
315- thus boys and girls equally suffer from the disease .
316- the gene causing the disease is " autosomal recessive " .
317- such a feeling is connected with the deep feeling of life ; that is " the pain of eternality .
318- there is no for man escape the slight experience these states although they are few in daily life .
319- come let us ponder on these states subject a little .
320- there exist moments in life which man feels he is more in that moment and he lives more .
321- this interest has been integrated into our religious beliefs resulting in love and enthusiasm which peak in our voice .
322- i was about nineteen twenty years old when by my demised brother 's guide shirkhoda> i entered radio .
323- at that time my demised brother was a friend and colleague of mr. najafi kermanshahi vafaei who recited quran in radio .
324- like clean air non - contaminated water is also rear in china .
325- it has been a long time that not much water reaches the ocean .
326- about half of the water of rivers in china is not suitable for agricultural or industrial .
327- china 's environmental effects are not limited just within its boarders .
328- we remember that in past yazdis ' district , arakis ' district and isfahanis ' district and
329- we had and immigrants tried to migrate so that the cultural resistance of societies be protected .
330- now every one has particular manners , conventions , custom and dialect of their own .
331- he said : when we remind of province , of all indexes of culture are reminded .
332- human beings like to have reliable friends .
333- friends whom they can for hard days of life count on .
334- in other words investigating any subject has a specified date .
335- according to this report pars theater next to nasr theater is among the oldest theaters of tehran that is located in laleh zar street .
336- at present the lower level of this theater is an electronic passage with the title of pars passage .
337- edalatkhah said : this student was able to achieve the provincial first rank .
338- accidents and illnesses , compensation and disability wage , retirement and death
339- the insured , is obliged to pay his insurance fee in a manner that social security determines
340- because , cost of product affects the decisions related to strategies of company in different areas .
341- because the reports extracted from these systems lack the necessary information and details for desirable economic decision makings by managements of companies .
342- part of these insufficiencies arise from implementing traditional techniques of costs allocation .
343- he also has printed card and has distributed among friend and acquaintance , with several telephone lines and faxes .
344- so many there are of large scale traders and businessmen , without leaving name and mark of themselves .
345- the best way of acquiring comfort and peace is that don't be merely thinking of your own self comfort .
346- this speech is apparently unusual and in meaning totally correct and in theory and practice it has thousands of experiences and evidences and witnesses .
347- this might be the best news for fans who expect a dreamy isteqlal .
348- majidi has returned to isteqlal so he can repeat the past sweet memories again .
349- by return of majid to isteqlal perhaps can claim the blue wearers of the capital the definite winner of the season of transfers and dislocations .
350- a season that somehow was starter of a hidden fight among eighteen teams of the super league .
351- now no other team in the super league has as many as isteqlal this number of first class attackers .
352- bayatiniya , borhani , shafiee and now farhad majidi .
353- attackers whom each team has a wish to have at least one of them and now hijazi sees all of them in his team .
354- majidi has returned to football of iran so that the trend of immigration of iranian attackers to arabic leagues takes a reverse trend .
355- without doubt this issue will be faced with satisfaction and receiption of football fans .
356- alani stressed : also to make agreement regarding some issues we need time .
357- kushner visit of iraq , is the first trip of a french minister to iraq from the time of us invasion to this country in $year .
358- french was from strong opponents of us invasion to iraq and this issue created some tensions in french and us relationships .
359- has not been made .
360- avicenna cultural center on the occasion of devotee day hold a memoir writing contest .
361- he has children who each based on inner morals and complications , in life are involved in problems and difficulties .
362- by death of gill , some accidents happen and this is the beginning of the story and
363- those who abraded forehead on the servitude prostration and always begged the satisfaction and visit of their own god .
364- yes the word is from the headless palms .
365- those who agreeingly answered the call of their imam and invaded the blackness of night in order to present the whiteness of the day .
366- the stalwarts of love and mysticism forest that all the words bend the head of curtsy their dignity and glory .
367- the month of sha'ban is an auspicious and blessed month .
368- the blessed lights that our being and nonbeing is due to their auspicious being .
369- sha'ban , is a month that has four auspicious and refreshing births in its heart and it is not a small blessing and mercy .
370- maybe such a felicity must be ordained to this month .
371- a fighting happened between them and the lion got some injuries .
372- it returned to the jungle moaning and fell helplessly in a corner .
373- the rook said : in this case i will trick so that the lion can break its promise .
374- then it said : you stay here till i go and come back .
375- the reason for these two names of razeghi and lily for a song is not clear .
376- i didn't know england has been so contributive and influential in the imposition of that document
377- the personality of ozly became interesting for me and by itself became a motivation to become more familiar with that political personage of england .
378- the farsi resources and literature do not delineate a satisfactory and clear picture of him and the anonymity mask still weighs on his face .
379- this is a superior and honest model that we should be proud of .
380- how much we have been able to be independent in the current costs from the oil incomes and what are the reason and root for lack of the achievement in this matter .
381- we should have people participate in these activities in order that the tasks be done better .
382- based on the first clause , the telecommunication must have been transferred entirety , that this matter went forward .
383- the final phases of this chart have been passed and it does not have much more tasks to become operational .
384- with this decision the mathematics teams of the san'ati sharif , ferdosi mashhad , tehran and san'ati isfahan universities participated in these competitions .
385- last year these competitions were held in ukraine that our team got the third rank in that competition .
386- i in the ukraine competitions achieved a gold medal and the special prize of the competitions .
387- the declining trend of hand woven carpet export is not related just to the last year .
388- we also faced the decrease in exports before that .
389- more than two third of this number live in the countries south of african sahara .
390- parents should be careful that their children consume enough oil .
391- in many cases exercising really disrupts the reaction of thirst .
392- he has also printed cards and distributed among friend and acquaintances with several telephone lines and fax.
393- so many are the big merchants and traders without leaving any name and address of themselves
394- he through building offices and organizing city affairs added to the expansion and organization of this mosque .
395- this monthly is a specialist journal in the field of communications and includes education , news and viewpoint chapters .
396- he said " recently found coins in this city belong to the parthian and qajar periods .
397- this contract was signed by managing director and general manager of the company on behalf of russia on the sidelines of moscow international aerospace fair .
398- there should be a separation between dialogue and negotiation .
399- dialogue which is better be called speaking and listening is realized when speaking is accompanied by listening .
400- listening the other 's word is the important condition of mutual understanding and affinity .
401- human is intrinsically seeking the truth that truly exists and is one and absolute .
402- however humans under the social and historical conditions and intellectual and identical limitations make different relations with the truth .
403- in dialogue some kinds of companionship and cooperation and unanimity for getting closer to the truth emerge .
404- in depth of the politicized world that unfortunately in which domination and turbulence are dominant , fortunately a kind of concern and apprehension also exists .
405- concern about the current reality in every where and in the context of human 's fatigue from this politicization and its result that is the humiliation of mankind .
406- interior ministry of georgia by issuing a note described violation of aerial space of georgia as an action of war against this country .
407- other reports except a few reports which have come at the beginning of the book is fluent and eloquent translation of ghazizadeh from john karrie 's book .
408- in the unisef 's monthly siting challenges and opportunities facing this bill were investigated .
409- but these problems in comparison with the problems that the future development my bring with itself , fade color .
410- divine inspiration which in the opinion of us the followers of religions , has descended to the blessed heart of prophets is also about human and for human .
411- in my view by this address of " individual a human is elevated to " person .
412- muslim learned persons know man as a " universe .
413- human 's nobility is neither for his individuality nor for his plurality .
414- rather it is for the reason that he and only he is the addressee of divine voice .
415- ardavan : yes
416- hundred percent it was as such .
417- at that time it was such that we were willing to make the group more complete .
418- hooshang : the reason for bringing ardavan to the group was more this that we saw him making good progress in playing santour .
419- beirut on friday the palestinian fighters fired six mortars towards the " irtez " pass in the occupied palestine .
420- referring to the point that the eco cooperation organization he .
421- as this analyst writes , washington has long - term and strategic interests in the middle east .
422- kurdisman has added : this means mutual respect and tolerance .
423- the police has been ordered to deal with those gathering in the framework of anti - terrorist laws .
424- therefore police has special authority for arresting the protestors while in england there is a right of freely holding assemblies .
425- using eyes in low light does not damage them .
426- glasses are normally used to improve eyesight .
427- lack of using glasses or using inappropriate glasses does not cause any physical harm to eyes .
428- in fact glasses do not cause the strength or weakness of eye sight .
429- in children who suffer from eye divergence or laziness , glasses can make the correction of divergence and maintain the eyesight .
430- using computers or other visual devices does not cause any harm to eyes .
431- in addition using artificial eye drops can be helpful .
432- of course if you suffer from dim vision or frequent and premature tiredness of the eyes , you should pay a visit to an ophthalmologist .
433- mangella has had cooperation with production agents of the series in addition to the position of the head of writers .
434- this issue faced the executive managers of production of the program with many problems .
435- if the aim is evolution and elevation , the prophet is at the peak of perfection .
436- although policy maker and power owner in most of the fields , from production to issuance of permit is under the supervision of various governmental organizations .
437- especially in germany , france and us that the activities of iranian musicians are more dominant .
438- valuable activities in cities especially isfahan should not be ignored .
439- although exchanging information is so weak in this field .
440- in previous musical year , the last noticeable change took placed in the administrative structure of the ministry of culture and islamic guidance in relation with music .
441- however clarifications of mohammad hossein safar harandi , the minister of culture and islamic guidance were also satisfactory for some of them .
442- in this insurance coverage medical costs surplus of first insurer ( social security or medicinal services and
443- ) are compensated according to in between contract .
444- ceiling of considered obligations in this contract is described as following
445- it has a monitor and hands which are controlled by the doctor using a joystick .
446- the connection between robot and the doctor is established through video conference system .
447- the doctor can see this information concurrently or record them to analyze them later .
448- after that seyed hossein mousavi tabrizi presented a report of activities of the third central council .
449- in russia this perception exists that us military and security terms with russia are exactly similar to the terms of the age of soviets .
450- therefore ideology has no place in terms of us and russia , but us strategy in confronting russia emanates from geopolitics .
451- he said that mechanisms of cold war from the side of us and nato have been renovated again .
452- now there are the same threats the time of third reich .
453- currently i have an orchestra in golsetan province that i have allotted the last thursday of each month to practice with them .
454- i have another group in isfahan that their practice has also begun .
455- i want to form a group comprised of all iranian children from every region and stratum .
456- the name of the sites comprises of three parts that the first and the most important part is its suffixes .
457- the suffixes represent the kind of activity or geographical place of the site
458- are .
459- for example the suffix
460- . com special for the site of commercial companies ,
461- . org special for public and private organizations ,
462- .net special for different networks ,
463- . iinfo special for educational organizations ,
464- . ir special for iran ,
465- . cn spcial for china
466- the second part is the name of the site which is generally the indicator of the name of the organization company or the institute .
467- the third part of the name of a site presents the kind of service offered by that site .
468- as an example the most common one is www server which is the multimedia server that all of us use .
469- com ) will go to dns server special for
470- in the last stage the kind of service becomes clear which will be www or ftp or . and
471- it is evident this process is done in less than some seconds and you will not notice that .
472- because of this the name of internet sites have become known as dns names .
473- in fact dns server has the duty of allocation and connection of a unique ip to an internet address .
474- in tehran every new and thing is raised suddenly .
475- during showing master tajvidi 's film a film of master homayounpour 's words was also displayed for some moments .
476- he expressed hopefulness that next year music celebration be held for a week .
477- these students cited the smell of paper books as the major reason for this choice .
478- some of the arab tribes hunted ostriches for food as well as for clothing .
479- currently ostrich breeding farms are scattered in various countries and are increasing daily .
480- ostriches are among the birds that do not fly .
481- ostrich breeding is a new industry that has developed throughout the world in recent years .
482- the central province 's natural resources and aquiferous - protection general manager said .
483- for the first time in the country stain - proof men 's clothing was produced using nanotechnology .
484- till next month he specified we will receive license from the high commission for offering .
485- that 's why he says .
486- first of all being killed is very different than dying .
487- second of all being killed are also different
488- if death is for allah and happens with a sword ( red death ) it would be the most beautiful death .
489- these sentences are very strange .
490- he would attack by himself and enemies would escape like a group of foxes confronted by a lion .
491- he would chase them but very much because he did not want to get far away from his clan 's tent .
492- previously household not to leave tents and they .
493- he chose a spot where voice would reach the tents .
494- the arrow of hossein 's soul except this pole any any thing .
495- the expertise of buali sina in this science unmatchable , is very uncommon .
496- in a world where we are witnessing great developments lack of research can cause us to either stay behind or it intensifies our backwardness .
497- finally , a little bag knitted of date leaves attracted their attention .
498- in , there were a few handfuls of dried dates which ghas 's wife had saved for a time of need .
499- the next day , ghas took the bag of dates and happily went toward prophet 's house .
500- times this has been used synonym for myth , tale and hearsay .
501- an old but lively tree refreshes the air .
502- fruits beneficial and flowers add beauty .
503- monorail wagons are noticeably wider than the track rails which guide them .
504- in all of these countries the main public transportation system is comprised of the metro and buses .
505- from a capacity perspective monorails are categorized into three categories : big monorails , average monorails and small monorails .
506- the cost of equipment wagon switching system and .
507- mr. kimiayi 's explanation and in general my selection was for this reason .
508- at any rate the editor is and we have to take money and go away and not interfere .
509- a film that could connect with me and present an issue noteworthy in our times .
510- i was honored did not even accept money .
511- everyone knows that this was my birthday present to mr. beyzayi
512- at any rate we act we have no rights .
513- it 's not that this has a value or a different type of directing has value . no , it 's a system .
514- according to palestinian news sources , haniyeh in his meeting at gaza has proposed a solution five articles .
515- but we said in a sarcastic and satirical language in this poem , some of us humans are so greedy that it seems like there is no god but the god of money .
516- moreover this being the case , the patient " humor therapy based on the doctor 's prescription .
517- this poem has been written with the permission of hatef has other lines which deal with other professions .
518- the former director general of mosharekat party expressed optimism that the reformists will participate in the election of eighth by unity , perseverance and provide a single list .
519- the country 's historic backwardness due to the rule of authoritarianism and weak and kings since the time of ghajar to the victory of the islamic revolution is one of the main reasons for the country 's dire need for scientific movement .
520- the other reasons for the country 's need for a scientific movement " if a country seeks esteem , might , identity , security and convenience it should have scientific capability this inevitable fact is the nature of the process of human life .
521- he emphasized the allocation of affairs to the youth and said today iranian youth proved that they are able to deal with affairs in all fields in the best way .
522- one of the other attractive booths is the rug booth which exhibits the artistic works of rug weavers of the province and reminds of the need to support this precious product in province .
523- in a ceremony with the officials of robat karim , reza safai the cultural and journalistic deputy of the department of culture and islamic guidance of the province was introduced as exemplary robat karim .
524- in this ceremony a certificate of recognition was awarded safai to honor one year service at the department of culture and islamic guidance robat karim
525- amrollahi the department of natural resources of ardakan announcing this news said " this park next to the transit road is being built southern provinces to holy mashad .
526- he said the first phase of this project includes the excavation of a well , facilitating an irrigation well , building an accessing road a reservoir for water and light reservation this has started with the initial credit of one billion rials .
527- the mayor of rasht while announcing this topic at a gathering of mass manufacturers and members of the civil engineer system of the province of gilan while emphasizing the providing of security for said in order to implement the developmental plans the degree of preparation must be examined .
528- - help each other in health , disease and hardship and be friends and companions .
529- - raise your children utmost attention , effort and diligence and make every effort in their training and education .
530- - be honest and cordial in all affairs .
531- since in each institute or foundation one person must assume responsibility , therefore one person to be chosen as the head of the household .
532- in the iranian society men have been entrusted this responsibility .
533- the head of the household must act in a way that the family atmosphere transforms into an atmosphere understanding , assistance and cooperation ; behaviors , thoughts and stances be based on sincerity and honesty .
534- also an atmosphere be created which children grow physically and mentally and become beneficial and effective individuals .
535- the issues that could make the family atmosphere appropriate from the perspectives of growth perfection and humanitarian conditions is the issue of consultation family members concerning various affairs of life .
536- at times it is perceived since the husband has been chosen as the head of household , he is superior to other members of the family .
537- he may that he could do whatever he wants without the opinions of other the household .
538- at times a woman may refuse the authority of the husband and her hands and act any way she wants .
539- in both cases , approach is inappropriate and family members do not feel belong and participate in .
540- the correct approach is that since the members of the household have a common fate , be given in the affairs ; the tasks be performed with consultation discretion and mutual understanding .
541- not paying attention to the opinions of family members would render them undetermined and dependent this behavior causes impertinence sentimental perceptional , emotional wounds .
542- as a result the necessary conditions for growth and nourishment of children will not be realized and a joyous life mutual understanding .
543- eminent ayatollah khamenei considered the differences in taste to be normal and added criticism is the necessity of growth and advancement of the country but it is different from anxiety and anger it ought to be accompanied with friendship and sympathy .
544- at the beginning of this visit hojjat al - islam hashemi rafsanjani the chairman of the assembly of experts said in a report a recent meeting a special attention to national unity and islamic union the pivotal point of this meeting .
545- he is an evident enemy that humans must always be and never be negligent its temptations .
546- quran considers an evident enemy and while recounting his hidden and obvious threats to humankind it reminds that in order to keep safe from his threats machinations and temptations must seek refuge in the shelter of divine security .
547- man 's hardship twofold from the perspective of human nature is wrought in such a way that internally danger and has a kind of innate and natural tendency toward the temptations of satan .
548- the significance of seeking protection and refuge god as a superior power ruler god both worlds .
549- quran refers to the issues of seeking refuge and its necessity for humans as isteaza .
550- but the question is what isteaza' ? the present article sets out to shed light on this topic .
551- is the infinitive of istefal which means seeking help and assistance and clawing this being the case aaza refers to something which one seeks refuge .
552- the interpreters have considered this quranic expression to mean seeking refuge in god from the sedition of the enemies .
553- some two oral and cordial phases for isteaza meaning that man seeks refuge in god by uttering certain terms .
554- as an example the words god expressed from the tongue of the prophets and divine guardians are considered to be specific terms of isteaza .
555- others point out aaooz bellah men al - shaytan al - rajim or astaeez be - allah men al - shaytan al - rajim " or aaooz be - allah al - samie al - alim and maaz - allah .
556- the second phase has been considered which is higher isteaza that is to the lord along with knowledge and cordial acknowledgement is not the mumblings of tongue or a mere oral utterance .
557- that is why it has been said that cordial isteaza not oral utterance is healing and drug .
558- some have considered isteaza to be just the cordial phase and have said isteaza is a carnal quality and a spiritual condition in which a thorough science logic present stature of singularity .
559- isteaza is the reminder of god 's great blessings and the remembrance of the severity of his punishment and torment these two are distanced carnal temptations and sharia and abstain from transgression .
560- therefore oral isteaza is a sign of true isteaza and a sign of state which could be achieved man in confrontation with mischief escaping them speech deeds and beliefs .
561- some considered these phases to be three on the basis of the trine stations of singularity they considered three phases for isteaza .
562- therefore isteaza must be manifested in deeds traits and nature .
563- not being diverted and independent recital of each of these attributes to express the causation of each of them .
564- putin a few days ago in his annual message to the people in his country announced that building of new sophisticated weapons is underway .
565- the president of russia also talked about the new strategic system and comprehensive schedules .
566- doutsche welle adds " at this point putin is george bush the president of the united states who intends to establish missile defense system in russian borders and has announced that the heavy expenses of such a system whatever it be doesn 't matter for america . "
567- as declared by the political circles it is possible these disputes cause the participants in the meeting of lisbon not to be able to reach the required conclusions .
568- the pervious meeting of the heads of russia and the european union that was held ordibehesht in the city of " samaray russia due to the dissension of russia with poland and estonian republic didn 't reach the desirable conclusion .
569- in this meeting that held in one of the big hotels in jerusalem the parties made efforts to codify a joint deed that is supposed to use as the basis of discussion in the international peace conference .
570- as reported by this news agency , the possibility of ultimate success for this conference is very little unless " george bush the president of united states can convince the heads of israel and palestine accept something that their predecessors have refrained to admit for years .
571- even if an agreement is reached concerning the deed related to this conference the next challenge for rice is to convince olmert and abbas to start negotiations for establishment of an independent palestinian state and to try to reach their agreement prior to expiring of term of bush .
572- in case of standoff in this negotiation , the future outlook for abbas also who in june lost control over gaza strip and give to the islamic resistance movement of palestine hamas will be gloomy .
573- " ervin david miler " who is considered one of the advisors of the american administration in the negotiations over the dispute of arabs and israel in this regard said : " this issue will result in withdrawing abbas , strengthening hamas and the serious decline in the credit of the united states . "
574- he added : " no proper groundwork for holding the international peace conference has been prepared and even the palestinian issue also the unity and internal agreement among palestinian groups on this conference has not been created . "
575- this meeting by the proposal of george bush the us president is due to be held in annapolis " city in maryland united states in azar .
576- as reported by central news , in this session of the security council , some countries demanded the trail of the individuals accused with the violation of human rights in iraq .
577- these persons , in addition to the terrorist elements affiliated to the salfists and bathists , include the american military personnel and agents of private security companies in contract with the us defense ministry such as " black water .
578- in the mentioned session also a number of countries ' representatives demanded to pursuit the situation of iraqi displaced personas inside and outside of the country .
579- the realization of national reconciliation and the grounds for returning the united nations mission into iraq and supporting its place in the country also was reviewed in this session .
580- fars news agency also quoting the russian daily " izvestia reported " vitaly chorkin , russian permanent head the united nations , in the mentioned session asked the security council to impede the revelry of the mercenaries of private security companies ' in contract with the us defense ministry in iraq .
581- he supported requests for probing into the subject of the massacre of civilians by the agents of the private security companies in iraq .
582- the report " ban ki moon the secretary general of the united nations also in the security council mentions " the involvement of american security - safety private companies in some of the crimes and unreasonable massacre of the iraqi citizens has been proved .
583- based on a law approved by the american occupying administration in iraq in the year $year , foreign security forces same as diplomatic officials , the law of immunity from the internal regulations in iraq .
584- as reported by the islamic republic news from new york , " pit stark the democratic deputy of the us parliament said " george bush the president of america is sending the youths of this country for his pleasure to iraq so that to have their brains disintegrated .
585- stark said , these remarks of him have been the reflection of the viewpoints of those voted for him .
586-  usa today daily many veteran soldiers of wars in iraq and afghanistan are suffering from mental illnesses and day after day the number of these patients are increased .
587- turkey intends to attack northern iraq and to suppress the members of kurdish workers party of turkey .
588- as reported by fars news agency , " mousa abu marzook told " ashargh - ol - awsat daily informal and secret meetings between leadership cadre of fatah movement and two leaders hamas have been held in gaza strip , west bank and the capital of lebanon .
589- political bureau hamas movement added : " these meetings that at a level lower than the leaders of both movements have been mainly proposed by fatah movement .
590- " abu marzook " about the reason for not meeting the leaders of fatah and hamas together said " the continuation of this situation depends on the decision of our brothers in fatah movement . "
591- they do not want such a meeting .
592- fatah is against any meeting reaching its desired outcome .
593- abo marzoogh emphasized . " arabic and islamic countries are trying to bring closer the viewpoints of fatah and hamas together
594- however certain governments ( us and israel ) are making efforts so that the viewpoints of these two movements do not come close to each other .
595- other news from palestine is that israeli occupying forces in their latest attacks to gaza strip targeted the electricity powerhouse in the north of this region that resulted in the electricity cut .
596- in west bank also israelis took five palestinians under arrest .
597- as reported by the islamic republic news agency , the peaceful demonstration of protesters with the interference of antiriot police whom by using baton prevented the move of protesters towards the headquarters of the international monetary fund and the world bank in the city center turned into violence .
598- demonstrators who at the climax of the adopted security measures on the occasion of the presence of finance ministers of the world industrial countries in this gathering were poured into streets while carrying cloth writings conveying slogans against these two organizations , smashed the glass of the stores in the city .
599- meanwhile these ministers participated in a joint meeting with heads of parties and political factions pro and against the government in the domicile of the embassy of france in beirut .
600- relating to the same issue the foreign minister of turkey who has also traveled to lebanon after meeting foad senioreh the prime minister press conference the political negotiations is only way problems in the middle east and the government of turkey is making efforts for peace and stability to restore in lebanon .
601- based on this plan , the opponents of the government in lebanon the establishment of the government of national unity and the allies also should accept the election of president two third of the votes of parliament deputies and agreement on a candidate .
602- nabih berri while emphasizing on this issue that the election of president will be done in its statutory period said : " contrary to the desire of enemies , lebanon in the stipulated time will have new president . "
603- " eric edelman " the us undersecretary of defense in an interview with the lebanese lbc television emphasized on the existence of a resolute strategy between the government of lebanon with the us and the lebanese army with the us army .
604- hezbollah has warned that this plan and the commitments of the government of lebanon to the us contain dangerous consequences that are likely to change lebanon into another iraq that the governing political group will be responsible .
605- general " richard newton the chief of staff for operations of the us air force said : " the adherence to the standards for weapons transfer air force the at the two bases of " minot and " barksdale have declined . "
606- michael wynne us air force at a pentagon press conference with general newton said : this an unacceptable mistake and a clear deviation from exacting and precise standards .
607- in the city of " dayreh esmaeil khan in the southern province of sarhad also the explosion of a remote control one person died and two more injured .
608- as reported by news agencies from ankara , competent today in turkey for determining the fate of the constitution of this country will go to the ballot - boxes .
609- the proposal of modify the constitution raised by the islamic - inclined government of " rajab tayeep erdoghan and approved in the parliament of this country .
610- these comments are while the foreign minister of iraq recently and the president of this country beforehand had announced that the iraqi military forces lack the resources and adequate power to confront and defeat this group .
611- " horriat daily published in ankara also announced the trip of the commander of turkish army to the occupied lands .
612- the non classified governmental documents that have been recently handed to the associate press represent that america  s army at the time of cold war , has been after using poisonous materials consisting of radioactive .
613- as reported by associated press , in the year $year the top ranking commanders of america  s army secretly passed and approved utilization of poisonous materials radioactive against the enemies of this country .
614- on this basis using the radioactive from making atom bomb for polluting small parts of the territory of the enemy  s country and or targeting military bases , armament factories and military unites were approved .
615- military historians who had studied the radiological weaponry program of america  s army carefully , have said that so far they have not found any evidence about radiological weapon coming into operation and changed into a group massacre .
616- before the governmental documents about radiological weapons were handed to the associated press news agency major parts of it which included some information about the progress of the army in making radiological weapons were omitted .
617- among the presented documents to the associated press there is a document that refers to the crash plan of america  s army for making various armaments from radioactive .
618- in this document making radiological bomb for targeting the individuals and personages had been placed in the second priority .
619- apparently attempts for developing radiological weapon and changing it into an invasive weapon had stopped in the year $year for the reason of persuasion of the defense ministry of america about this issue that atomic armaments have a much more capability compared to radiological weapons .
620- it is not clear the project of making radiological armaments had been assigned to cia or not .
621- what is clear is this that the project of making radiological weapons had been approved in november $year and a month later this project started .
622- cia the central intelligence organization of america was also established in the year $year that is to say a year before the beginning of this project .
623- because these services will be executed in the framework of a common network of after sales services .
624- the general director of the company of expanding services of pars automobile added : all the centers of this company have been equipped for providing after sales services and also spare parts for this purpose have been distributed in the agencies of after sales services of pars automobile .
625- babaei then called the after sales services the principle regarding the attraction of the market and said : if one could provide good services for customers , without doubt the customers will also have a good reception from the produced products .
626- therefore pars automobile in the group of nissan and renault has provided good services following which it has been able to allocate a considerable share of the market to itself .
627- of course this plan is now at the level of study .
628- abulfazl mesgarzadeh sunday in a talk with the economic reporter of irna added : the government every year considers special budgets as subsidy and the difference of the prices for the washing powder .
629- he , while pointing out that all health products except the washing powder during the decade of seventy have been taken out of the subsidy basket , stated : this matter in recent years , in addition to creating problems for the producers , has also raised problems for the consumers .
630- moreover the highest amount of the export of our country in the first half of the current year was allocated to the united arab emirates .
631- iron and steel ingot , porofil , iron or steel bars , light oils and products other than petrol , automobile spare parts , soy seed , and half whitened rice have been other important imported items of the country during the first half of this year .
632- the referee panel in the section of the best short documentary the honor diploma to ' keyvan ali mohammadi ' and omid bonakdar ' for the film of 'm
633- a .
634- a was issued .
635- the referee panel in the section of the best producer the prizes respectively as honor diploma to  ard attarpour ' for producing the six films of m en
636- the prize of the society of critics and writers of the cinema of iran including honor plaque , three coins of the spring of freedom to the documentary of ' tehran how many richter scales ' produced by pirouz kalantari and honor plaque and two coins of the spring of freedom to farahnaz sharifi for the documentary of iran in announcement were presented .
637- moreover one should pay attention greatly to the growth in the domain of science evaluation and indexes in the academic papers .
638- the director of the university of medical sciences of tehran reiterated : considering this that in the region with respect to the production of science we do not have the first rank we should try with planning and proper orientation get close to turkey as the first country of the region .
639- moreover researches should be accessible to all people .
640- ghom the speaker of the governmental body said : government does not agree with the provision of free petrol .
641- gholamhussein elham in interview with the reporter of the central news unit , did not regard the provision of free petrol in this period of time as expedient to the country and added : if the parliament makes a decision in this regard the government execute it .
642- social service the first phase of the plan of installing hologram on medical equipments from next month begins regarding the dentistry equipments and gradually all medical and laboratory equipments would also be obliged to obtain identity card and install hologram .
643- he while referring to the high volume of claims of the general public especially marketers from the disciplinary force and the limitedness of its facilities called the public contribution as the best supplementary tool of this force in providing comfort and security .
644- he called the occurrence of the least crimes in the division of bonab compared to other cities of the province due to religiousness and piety of people of this region and emphasized the expansion and deepening of the moral climate of the market and its preservation .
645- ahmad rashidi added : all the institutions and organs should join hands so traders and marketers of the region progress and people who help the owners of various professions of society would be , with no doubt supported .
646- he said : issuing goods with low quality and contrary to what which has been promised and or the change in the price and type of goods are the most important measures that are taken by the traders and lead to the loss of market .
647- according to irna , ' babak afghahi ' saturday afternoon the gathering of the day of exports among the exporters of ghom in the youth community this city added : the government has provided various attempts for creating bed of developing the non petroleum exports .
648- he said : in this regard this year has been called non - petroleum exports , the peak of national self - esteem so the importance of exit from one - dimensional exports is being emphasized and exporters pursue persistent development of exports .
649- abbas mohtaj added : during the previous years we have been witness to the delegation of commerce card to people who do not have any expertise in this field and even there have been housewives who have incurred tax debt of one hundred billion rials for the province . 
650- he called taking into consideration of the two elements of price and quality as the important elements in the export of goods and added : with providing quality goods and reasonable finished prices competitive with the global markets one could reach the necessary success in the domain of foreign trade .
651- pricing and supervision on the distribution of goods for preventing the price cycle and provision of some of the goods which after the increase in demand face the rise in price and the black market , is one of the ways of reforming the market .
652- one cannot in general determine the broad orientation for the goods included in the support basket of the government because regulating the market of every goods has its particular policy .
653- one french news agency  s photographer who was present on the scene said " it seemed as if you were walking in a slaughterhouse meat and blood were scattered in the street .
654- he added some of the corpses had been fallen here and there on earth and left untouched .
655- burning smell would be i don  t know it was the smell of burnt meat or something else .
656- bhutto  s aghast supporters would staggeringly search for their relatives or were helping the survivors of the bloody incident in carrying them to trucks for quickly transferred to hospital .
657- hundreds of people had gathered in karsaz street situated in a crowded area east of karachi port and were waiting for hours to take a half - look at bhutto while her convoy passing through this street .
658- a weak explosion beside the road was followed by a strong explosion that happened some minutes later and consequently near bhutto  s car fire flames flared up to the dark sky .
659- bhutto hours before that has set foot on pakistan  s territory and after eight years ended her self - imposed exile and disregarded the warnings regarding the attempts by alqaede and taliban for killing her .
660- the head of general staff for the armed forces in the clergies  gathering said : you clergies are guides and developers of this firm foundation which god has determined for safeguarding the islamic system , nation  s interests and islamic republic  s holy land .
661- he continued : these cases are a part of the goals of the state  s military and the strategy of islamic republic  s army is also guarding and defending these goals in this regard suppressing and destructing offending forces .
662- it means that these individuals through believing and being certain about god  s aid are invulnerable against enemy  s psychological operations and on the other side they cause fear and alarm in the enemy  s heart .
663- he added : a soldier a military officer and commander are leadership s political line , just as at the time of imam khomeini ( peace be upon him ) it was called imam  s line , also today imam  s line is continuously emphasized .
664- he reiterated : ears the commander of the armed forces and the commander of islamic republic of iran  s army are to the leadership  s mouth their hands and eyes to the hint of also the ears and eyes of the head of the political ideological organization and its clergies are to the leadership  s hint and action .
665- such matter guarantees the unity of commands and the unity of organizations in the army and armed forces .
666- firooz abadi reiterated : as in the army  s law responsibilities missions and authority of the army  s command and its forces are stated , the missions and responsibilities of the political ideological organization are mentioned as well all of which belong to the army .
667- he said : the islamic republic of iran  s army is a pious , heroic , powerful and cautious force which is always ready to defend the territorial integrity and holy system of islamic republic of iran .
668- therefore command  s military educational training organizing equipping and attaining power .
669- moreover in this verse the subject of the holy war has also been brought up .
670- the messenger was notified that the whole of the islamic nation must not storm to the front .
671- monotheism , prophecy , imamate , justice , resurrection and practical precepts should be taught in the theological school and clergies should through notifying them to people do this task .
672- firroz abadi addressing the clergies of the army throughout the state stated " you clergies are in a condition that while helping each other can solve problems .
673- therefore you should make the most of life  s opportunity and exploit your deadline because this is the soul of the student to attain accomplishments in the seminary and presents these accomplishments to people .
674- he said " you clergies in political ideological organization and clergies organization in the army are obliged to fight for god  s sake and you decorate soul of soldiers , officers and commanders in all ranks of hierarchy with accomplishments .
675- he in the end stated : the iranian government acts calmly along imam  s line and according to the advices of the leadership and the economic course adopted and the active foreign policy should be appreciated .
676- prior to this egypt had asked for postponing the conference on middle east peace and had stated it  s reason the lack of reaching to a joint document between the palestinian and israeli sides .
677- rice in visit to the egyptian officials reiterated that in the coming session only deal with the issue of palestine and israel .
678- mahmud abbas in visit to rice has announced that setting a timetable for discussing the final issues is necessary .
679- it should be noted that so far many issues related to this session have not been determined and the presence of serious and deep disagreements between the two sides has brought the holding of this session into question .
680- on the other hand , nabil aburdeneh , the speaker of the head of the self - governed government of palestine said : israel is not serious about reaching agreement with the palestinians .
681- aburdeneh added : despite attempts of condoleezza rice there are a lot disagreements between two israeli and palestinian sides .
682- he stated : mahmud abbas emphasizes the necessity of setting a timetable for discussing the final issues but israel still rejects this idea .
683- the permanent representatives of the arab league in the closing statement of their one day extra session asked the security council the quadripartite committee peace trend of america and middle east to fulfill their responsibilities and take action to stop the development plots of regime .
684- on the other hand the islamic resistance movement of hamas demanded mahmud abbas the head of the palestine  s self - governed government , to end any kinds of negotiations and security cooperation with the zionists and take steps in the direction of strengthening the national unity .
685- hamas in a statement expressed concern over the continuation of the zionists  crimes against palestine , violation of islamic sanctities , continuation of holy quds and confiscation of the lands of palestinians residing in occupied quds in order to develop zionist developments .
686- he added : america attempts to with the cooperation of all concerned parties , end the crisis case between palestine and israel and as quickly as possible establish the independent country of palestine but designing a comprehensive document inclusive of the final solution for peace still seems difficult .
687- he continued : gorge bush , the president of america is also loyal to its commitments for establishing the independent country of palestine beside israel .
688- the secretary of state of america while emphasizing his country  s understanding of the importance of realization of a just and comprehensive peace in the middle east said : the international conference on the middle east peace is just concentrated on the issue of peace between israel and palestine .
689- ahmad abolgayt also considered reaching a joint peace document between palestine and israel prior to the holding of the conference on the middle east peace as necessary and emphasized the cooperation of egypt with other related countries for attaining this important goal and the continuation of negotiations for establishing the independent country of palestine .
690- on the other hand , amru musa the director general of the arab league having visited rice stated that in this visit he had been informed of the seriousness of america regarding the international peace conference .
691- in the course the attack of the zionist soldiers on the city of nablus basel abusarieh nicknamed as ghadafi the general commander of al - aqsa martyr  s brigades was martyred in this city and also two of his guards were injured .
692- researches show that through executing the plan of active tuberculosis in the prisons of the country , there has been considerable control exerted over newly and recently broken out diseases of tuberculosis among prisoners .
693- doctor marzieh farnia on wednesday while presenting the research article of herself and her colleagues titled  tuberculosis in prison  on the second day of the activity of the eighteenth general congress on tuberculosis in sanandaj while mentioning this matter said : continuous infection tuberculosis and hiv are threats to the health of prisoners .
694- according to doctor farnia isolated rooms are rapidly expanding in prisons that are active in the state  s large prisons and in the rest of the prisons there are special rooms which are moving towards standardization but is not enough .
695- high human congestion , unsuitable ventilation , consumption of more tobacco products inconsideration and less observance of individual and public hygiene and more percentage of being afflicted with the accompanying diseases including infection hiv the reasons of more outbreak of tuberculosis among imprisoned men .
696- despite the general belief the multiplicity of the imprisonment records doesn  t lead to the increase in being afflicted with tuberculosis . in other words the majority of individuals afflicted with tuberculosis whom are identified in the prison and or are present , for the fist time .
697- the research which doctor marzieh farnia the director general of health and treatment presented has been compiled and arranged in cooperation with doctor tashakorian an expert on health and treatment and doctor alasvand the responsible expert on health and treatment of the organization of prisons .
698- he added the high presence of and the minor role of the private sector in this composition once more show that the state  s economy will be still entrapped in the circle of governmental economy .
699- this parliament representative said " it is natural if the statesmen  s tendencies are towards the government and governmental economy and therefore in such an environment it might not be possible to reach an exact and a scientific planning .
700- nadimi referred to the sensitivities of the fourth plan compared to the past plans and added " some part of these sensitivities related to the appearance of new global issues some related to the increase in population .
701- the member of the parliament  s commission energy said : based on the executive experiences i have had in the past i believe whenever in an establishment the members  ranks are high and is comprised of prominent members , the expert power the team would be weak and this issue will be effective in the quality and result of the task .
702- this council in fact has been evolved by the plan compiling team in the previous years and it is itself a mediator between the expert team the decision - making authorities .
703- also the pakistan police announced it has found the head of one of the suicide operatives and by conducting " d
704- the explosions in pakistan also had a widespread reflection in the international scene .
705- the united nations -- - - with the publication of a statement condemned this incident and stressed on the national unity of pakistan .
706- the united states , the european union , china , russia , turkey and the islamic republic of iran were among countries and institutions that condemned the terrorist incident of karachi .
707- the experts and politicians have presented various analyses with this regard .
708- the english security authorities said bhutto had been warned with regards to such an incident but bhutto did not pay attention to it .
709- this analysis is presented by this american senator while the union of cia " organization , the intelligence organization of pakistan and some armed and extremist forces in the political scene of pakistan is obvious for the political observers .
710- the telegraph newspaper published in london had revealed a few months ago the subject of bhutto  s return to pakistan had taken place with the green light of washington and london and cia organization is its designer and implementer .
711- " bhutto and " musharraf had conducted secret negotiations since months in different locations .
712- " hafiz hossein ahmad member of pakistan parliament had announced in these negotiations , representatives from " cia , the intelligence organizations of england and general " ashfaq kiani the former director i
713- i ( intelligence organization of pakistan ) present and political organization is leading the evolutions in pakistan .
714- " condoleezza rice the u.s. secretary of state sometime ago had also warned against the probability of overthrowing of " musharraf as the strategic u.s. ally .
715- just as " liberman has said this incident will result in the union of " bhutto and " musharraf politicians who strongly support the u.s. policies in the region .
716- another point is that without the occurrence of such incidents , fighting against terrorism becomes meaningless and the presence and military occupation of countries by washington will no longer have a justification .
717- according to the islamic republic news agency from athens , thursday the greek students were chanting slogans in the streets against the activities of universities and educational institutions and asking the government of athens not to implement the law activities of educational institutions .
718- in these demonstrations a number of students were wearing black outfits as a symbol of mourning .
719- students stressed they will try with all power to prevent the legitimization of the activities of nongovernmental universities and educational centers .
720- the demonstrators by gathering in front of the greek parliament presented their requests to the representatives .
721- " vladimir putin by referring to the greed of the united states to the resources of his country warned washington with regards to the reciprocal actions of moscow and reminded the white house not to confuse russia with iraq .
722- with regards to the grip of the united states over the russian resources he added : i know that some ( u . s . ) politicians have such thoughts in mind .
723- it is this kind of political ambition that probably intoxicates some .
724- but ( in practice ) it has rarely been successful and its best example is iraq .
725- putin considered the reason for the u.s. attack on iraq oil and said that even though iraq is a small country yet americans have not managed to establish order there either .
726- with regards to iraq the russian president added : perhaps someone can eliminate a dictatorial regime from the political map , but fighting with the people is totally useless .
727- he also , once again asked the united states to specify a timetable for withdrawing its forces from iraq .
728- putin said : it is unacceptable that military forces remain in iraq forever .
729- the russian president in another part of his speech added : we increase power , which is of course a correct move and we will continue doing so .
730- putin added : if the united states without paying attention to russian interests , adopts this decision will definitely not remain without a response .
731- " mousa aboumarzagh the deputy director of the political office of the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) also said the formation of a self governing organization in the fall conference will be followed by results worse than oslo .
732- according to this newspaper , both parties palestinian and israeli have reached a dead - end on how to deal with the issues future borders of palestine - israel , the faith of millions of palestinian refugees and the situation of jerusalem .
733- fazlollah said , it was expected during new government france distinguish itself from u . s and become closer to the nations that love freedom and independence .
734- he accused the united states of imposing wars in different countries and by creating tensions in the relations of countries especially the arab - iranian relations to create problems in the region to the advantage of israel ,
735- after the u.s. president announced he vetoes the law adopted in the congress with regards to assistance to needy children , he accused bush of sending the u.s. youth to iraq for his own pleasure so that their brains get blown off .
736- he who is one of the representatives of the u.s. congress continued : the truth is that bush likes to blow up everything be it in iraq or in the u.s. and be it in the congress .
737- the representative of iran in this meeting asked for the reinforcement of educational programs of the united nations for the owners of media in the member countries and requested that the number of journalists that participate in the annual training courses of the united nations in new york be increased .
738- by stating that " we would like for our region and the world to be filled with peace and security , brotherhood and friendship " he continued : we believe that nations are able to provide for their security their regions .
739- the nations of the region for their administration do not require the presence of foreigners .
740- the presence of foreigners in the region is the root for insecurities , differences and threats and their departure from the region is to the advantage of the region and themselves ; because this departure will establish durable peace and security .
741- the president emphasized : the occupiers should know that by accusing others no problems will be solved them .
742- the resolution of their problems is only and solely in the modification of their outlook , courage for admitting their defeat and correct decision for departure from the region and respect to the rights of nations especially the proud and oppressed nation of iraq .
743- they thought that if they gather all their political economic and military power they will be able to the iranian nation regret its revolution and the justice seeking move and battle against dictatorship which it had started .
744- the president mentioned : the period of the holy defense was a very grave period for the iranian nation ; in this period economic damages were inflicted on iran and we witnessed the loss of a group of the best among the iranian nation .
745- the iranian nation converted all the threats into the best opportunities .
746- he continued : today the iranian nation has recovered its cultural identity and power for civilization construction from the period of the holy defense and has regained its lost self trust once again and in all the scenes it is moving rapidly toward the summits of power .
747- today the enemies of the iranian nation should see that the scientists of the iranian land are triumphing the summits of science and technology and are placing these advancements at the service of peace and progress of the iranian nation .
748- we have gained these advancements in the cultural and military fields .
749- he emphasized : those who think through spoiled and defeated political tools , a psychological war and according to them an economic blockade can stop the move of this nation toward development are committing an error a repeated error .
750- they should see that today the most advanced technologies are at the service of the iranian nation .
751- the president said : today the iranian nation is a powerful nation an intellectual effect in the regional and international relations .
752- a courageous faithful and ideological nation .
753- motaki among other objectives in the organization of this meeting mentioned the elimination of some problems in the region and said : it is these obstacles including organized crimes and terrorist activities especially in the frontiers of three countries that have created trouble and problem for the region .
754- by emphasizing on the necessity for fighting against smugglers of narcotics in the region , he said : this is not just the problem of the youth in our country and it has affected many other countries in the world .
755- the iranian foreign minister also by emphasizing on the developing and cordial relations between iran , afghanistan and pakistan added : in today  s tripartite meeting it was emphasized that the stability and security in the region is at pawn to the existence of stability in afghanistan .
756- he said : in today  s meeting was also proposed , due to the strong existing will of the leaders of the three countries with regards to fighting against smuggling of narcotics , the meetings of the heads of the three countries of iran , pakistan and afghanistan be held in tehran .
757- the foreign minister of pakistan by appreciating the government of afghanistan for the organization of the seventeenth meeting of foreign ministers of eco in herat , added : when it was first proposed the eco meeting be held in herat , some were emphasizing that the organization of these meetings in afghanistan is ineffective .
758- mahmoud ghesouri also by referring to recent terrorist incidents in karachi said : in this case who should be accused for this crime .
759- by analyzing this explosion , the objective of these operations must be examined .
760- there is no need for unreasonable words .
761- the interests should be looked at the interests of pakistan are at pawn of peace and stability of afghanistan .
762- to encounter
763- by mentioning that in other countries for economizing in consumption , they increase price he said : in iran contrary of this has taken place ; by reducing its fuel incentives for more and irregular utilization have been provided .
764- this economic expert said : high consumption of automobiles in iran is one of the other causes of fuel use and if the fuel became expensive , due to people  s inclination toward low consumption automobiles , we would actually force the automobile manufacturing factories to produce automobiles with the minimum of consumption .
765- by criticizing the pattern of bread consumption in the country he said : the specialized bread subsidy also follows the same case as we noted in the fuel sector and its signs in the lack of appropriate baking of bread , high its throwing away
766- are revealed .
767- member of the scientific board of ferdowsi university by emphasizing on the necessity for attention to the subject of making goal oriented , the importance of correcting the consumption pattern , serious attention to raising exploitation and
768- said : by observing such points we can have a more dynamic economy .
769- with regards to this another economic expert by stating that we consume more than what we produce said : my only recommendation to the government regards the issue of correcting the pattern of consumption is serious attention to the issue of culture building .
770- abduilreza amirtash declared : the government must exploit all its advertising and media tools to the masses of people especially from the lowest educational levels in the country understand that the existing resources are limited and not eternal .
771- he added : the present generations and after us based on constant cultural constructions through film , serials and must
772- understand this important factor that resources are limited and valuable and attention should be paid for their consumption .
773- this economic expert reminded : the encouragement of people for using the correct pattern of consumption should be accompanied by the obliteration of this mentality that the pattern of consumption is not equivalent to economizing in spending .
774- he added : this pattern in addition to reducing the level of consumption , must be followed by the optimized use of the resources .
775- amirtash pointed out : if people water electricity and as much as they value money
776- and considered them like losing money the pattern of consumption would definitely change .
777- this economic expert by criticizing the gas rationing plan said : even though this plan was accompanied with some successes but it would have been better to attend to the correction in the pattern of consumption in the sector of fuel by the use of economic levers .
778- he declared : efforts for keeping the prices low by the government resulted that in such circumstances the level of consumption of goods in the country was increased and people practically got used to high consumption .
779- he added : meanwhile the person who should pay for the difference of the current and real price in the high consumption process of the people government and it through the budget .
780- this economic expert said : for example when the cost of consumed electricity is low people start over consuming and in these conditions the producer also due to the increase in the volume of people  s demand is forced to produce more electricity .
781- for the improvement of the current situation he proposed that the rates be subject to prices and the mechanism of the market and in the next stage instead of allocating subsidies to the masses of people to low income levels and to allocate subsidies to them .
782- allahdad said : if the prices in iran are subject to the mechanism of the market and the possibility for the arrival of new suppliers in the production market and more employment generators be provided , it is in these circumstances that the economy of the country can gradually start to move .
783- also an economic expert said : considering that consumption pattern is not from the economy and our economy is also mainly dependent on oil revenues , therefore the consumption pattern of our country is constantly under the influence of currents and vacillations of oil .
784- seyed kamil tayebi declared : for this reason also the increase or reduction of oil revenues affects the consumer from different aspects and especially in problem generating situations puts some pressures on them .
785- the member of the board of director of the bourse company said : renunciation to the formation of the stock market is not definite yet and this matter will be discussed and examined next monday by the board of directors .
786- nassrollah barzani in an interview with the fars news agency with regards to the situation of formation of a market outside the stock exchange declared : the renunciation of the formation of the market outside the stock exchange is not definite yet and we cannot consider this matter completed .
787- he continued : next monday the board of directors of the bourse company will adopt a decision with regards to the nature and composition of the partnership of this market .
788- the redefining of definitions of accounting play a major role in the explanation of the place of this profession in the process of privatization .
789- he said : the cession of public companies is one of the basic pillars of these policies and it is not a secret to the economic experts that accounting and the place of this profession in the process of cession of public institutions is without reason .
790- salami said : further analysis of the dimensions of accounting role creation in the cession of companies will provide a significant help in the expediting and facilitation of this process and can respond to the existing criticism with regards to the domain of pricing of companies and the basic price of the stocks .
791- member of the higher council of the assembly of accountants added : the definitions relative to the evaluation of wealth including types of wealth , , different basis for evaluation and methods and approaches of evaluation will help explain further the place of accounting in the process of privatization .
792- an expert of the investment market said : in case of continuity of the presence of quasi state , the market of investment will not be able to get out of the inert situation in the future and will still remain weak and in the monopoly of the quasi state group .
793- akbar mardani expressed : among the reasons for the inertia of the investment market is the non presence of people and the private sector and the ownership of the major shares of companies by the quasi state .
794- he continued : if this situation one cannot be hopeful the pivotal the investment market and expansion the stock market .
795- the reporter of irna by going to a number of real estate agencies in arak heard this sentence many times , while it was said to him many times to buy a residential unit , we ourselves will sell it for you a few months later several million toomans more than the current price .
796- acting in accordance with such recommendations though has brought easy profit to the purchasers and those who have pecuniary ability but in reality strongly stock speculation and brokerage during the last years and willingness for the purchasing and sale of housing has gradually replaced production and construction of houses .
797- such a situation resulted in the escalation of the number of demands in the housing sector and as a result the increase of its price and this matter has made things more and more difficult for the youth and individuals who housing .
798- today the subject of installation of cooperatives , provision of state lands and participation in construction is prominently being discussed in different circles and the recommendation for forming a cooperative and construction of housing is replaced with the recommendation for its purchasing and sale .
799- the deputy of construction affaires of central governorship said this regard : considering that the production of low cost housing is among the important programs of the ninth government , not in far future the price of housing will definitely be adjusted .
800- engineer " alireza noorbehesht " in a conversation with irna stated the necessary time for the construction of housing two years and added : with the cession of low cost housing units to the targeted stratums the problem of the housing sector will gradually decrease .
801- by reminding the " psychological reason " for the increase of the prices said : in the market there is a psychological discussion and a real discussion real point of view housing situation is not but some psychological pressures have increased the price .
802- he requested a change in the outlook of the people on housing and said : families who have the power of purchasing a residential unit should know that in arak housing is produced more than the real need and their economic maturity should not be influenced the psychological discussions of the market .
803- he considered support for the mass construction of housing of other government policies for eliminating the problem of housing and said : in this direction the land in question has been placed at the disposition of mass constructors and its price will be received after completion of construction .
804- with regards to construction material especially cement and iron engineer noorbehesht also said : even though a number of steel and cement factories reached exploitation in the country in the last few years but we are still facing shortcomings as far as steel and cement .
805- with regards to other cities of the province he said : suitable land has been identified in many of the cities of the province and will be surrendered upon formation and presentation of housing cooperatives and the relative unions for the designated land .
806- as it can be understood from the explanations of those in charge at the central province people must make decisions by paying attention to their economic maturity so next two years forced to cavil some of " economic brains " as to why they have not guided them correctly .
807- because gradually until the next two years the government programs will be fruitful and the price of housing will be adjusted .
808- his holiness ayatollah khamenei the supreme leader of the islamic revolution in a meeting with the authorities of the system , the ambassadors of islamic countries and a group of stratums of people considered the auspicious feast of fetr suitable grounds for union and solidarity in national and the islamic world dimensions .
809- he indicated : if the elections are in such a way that political groups in a positive competition for serving people , are able to obtain their appropriate and adequate share , these elections will become a groundwork for the vivacity and progress of society .
810- his holiness ayatollah khamenie affirmed : the islamic republic of iran is standing on its positions in particular the necessity for the unity of muslims and the reason for the animosity of the arrogant with the iranian nation is due to this matter but this animosity has not had an effect until now and will not in the future either .
811- perhaps the temptation for the management of such a company is a desire of any politician and economic director , and perhaps even this desire has instigated some to wind up the clock for merging once again .
812- the main reason of the opponents to the merger , is the creation of a monopoly .
813- with regards to this avesta goudarzi , the professor of automobile in the science and industry faculty said : if apart from iran khodro and saipa we had another strong automobile manufacturing in the local market , the merger would appear more logical .
814- on the other hand merging is not necessarily the dissolving of one manufacturer in the other .
815- with regards to this hassan molatefi , expert in automobile industry says : the automobile industry of iran has fundamental problems and before the merger these problems which will become even more through expansion should be solved .
816- at the present a small factory in advanced countries operates more coherent and more organized iranian automobile factories .
817- he says : iran khodro and saipa a company compete will not remain .
818- of course if this merger is intended for globalization  which appears to be a very distant ideal  perhaps the iranian companies through useful work during the next few years may be able to saturate their regional markets .
819- after the beginning of the murmuring for the merger , everyone waited for the country  s automobile manufacturing directors to show a reaction , but it was not so and even the managing director of saipa with regards to the possibility of the merger , without expressing a specific opinion announced it only relative to one of the sub complex directors of saipa .
820- in iran also if at the present time frame until joining the world trade organization , a specific effort is not made for acquiring a competitive force in the automobile industry , this industry even within the borders of the country , will not have the force for competing with extra - national companies .
821- he says : the share of research and development costs in the basket of automobile costs is rather heavy and raises the price of the finished product a great deal for eliminating this problem , the merger of automobile manufacturers can be a solution .
822- but it was not after long that mehrabian the director of ministry of industries and mines said : for the merger of automobile manufactures we do not have a plan yet and i think before a merger certain policies which exist in parts of automobile manufacturing should be revised .
823- with the current situation and the existing patterns in the country , there is not the necessary preparedness for the merging of automobile manufacturers and no program has been envisaged for it and this discussion is brought up merely from a theoretical aspect .
824- on the other hand any of the merged automobile manufacturing companies , have had privileges with regards to the opposite party opposing party did not and efforts have been made for solving problems the opposing party by merging and the markets to be covered throughout the world in an appropriate manner .
825- but apart from all of these elements , the creation of a widespread monopoly in the local market is among the strongest reasons of the opponents .
826- they say when in the local market there is no third strong automobile manufacturer and imports are only limited to luxury automobiles , how can the half done competition of iran khodro and saipa transfer into a total monopoly .
827- the foreign policy  examination of iran  s nuclear file in means that this file has returned to its natural channel since it is among the duties of the agency to revert these issues to within itself .
828- he affirmed : we also believe that there are many questions and concerns with regards to the nuclear activity of other countries that are necessary for the agency to attend to and of course until now such a matter has not occurred .
829- the minister of foreign affaires of the islamic republic of iran continued , when we announce iran  s nuclear file is closed it means that this matter has returned to its normal process which is actually the agency .
830- motaki  s response : iran  s nuclear file had two limits and boundaries from the beginning , the first was based on cooperation and the second was based on encountering and the option of iran has always been cooperation and resolution of this matter through discussion and it is always endeavoring towards this .
831- he added : the u.s. is fighting against the opinion public which is accusing washington of intervention in the middle east  s regional affairs especially iraq given these circumstances the united states does not have the conditions for entering into another war en
832- the world history has witnessed various problems of racism and its ideological and practical aspects , but it has not seen more racist and dangerous than the ideas and thoughts of zionism .
833- in england and after that in the united states the same matter occurred .
834- the tenacious opposition of american jews was destroyed when the governing board of this country accepted the zionism plan as a part of its strategic planning .
835- this way zionists acquired the necessary legitimacy .
836- the echoes of this category still exist in the thoughts of zionism and israel , because the zionist propagandists do not stop talking about the western democracy unit in the middle east and the stretching of european borders to asia and africa .
837- in israel there are many who consider themselves as the torchbearers of the western civilization in the middle east and consider the arabs the representatives of the backward east .
838- for example aba eban " in explaining israel says : israel is located in the middle east but .
839- the general structural principles of israeli policy which from birth the strategic alliance with the united states , are an indictor of this viewpoint .
840- " hana arent " female jewish author who before the announcement for the formation of the zionist government , had predicted many of its characteristics , emphasized that zionism by introducing itself as a national movement sold itself from the very beginning .
841- because the slogan of the jewish government in reality was that intend to use ethnicity cover and to present themselves as strategic influence dominion of each of the superpowers ( who the price .
842- he then added : " the united states still owes us seventy billion dollars .
843- wiseman after explaining his viewpoint clarifies that the english colonialism with the approval of the zionist organization has trusted a group which is ready to support a large portion of the material responsibilities of colonialism .
844- " if it is revealed that the costs for the english guardianship will be higher then one can train and equip the jewish colonialists .
845- the jewish nation due to special and unique from the very beginning was distinguishing itself from other nations , religions and races and allowed itself a specific superiority in comparison to others .
846- the zionist leaders in order to equip and the characters of the usurping government of israel in view of dominating all occupied territories by implementing the plan of predilection of the jewish nation , accomplished their domineering interests .
847- the racist zionist regime also revealed its superiority outlook within the israeli society .
848- from their viewpoint the jews due to belonging nation and religion are not at the same level but there are differences between them .
849- once when the eastern jews stood in protest " ben gourion " the then prime minister of israel told them : " your prophet was kept in the sinai desert forty years but i will keep you in this situation a few years only .
850- also the eastern jews were sent to the front lines of the war more than others .
851- in the political department also most of the key positions were in the hands of western jews .
852- in a general glance at the social and political composition of the israeli regime we realize that prime ministry positions , ministry , the parliamentary representatives were monopolized by the european jews and the asian and african jews due to the racism of this regime are subject to a great deal of disdain .
853- the nature of the zionist regime is the same racist zionism nature .
854- professor " roger garoudi " the french muslim thinker believes that racism is considered the prologue and suitable grounds for the expansionist policy of the zionist regime .
855- zionists consider themselves as a chosen nation and apart from other nations and people , and believe that other nations should be at their service .
856- in the same perspective the inhuman policy of the zionist regime with regards to the rights of others and their deprivation from political , economic and social rights , and exploitation of the occupied territories , justified .
857- racism of zionism
858- is a coordinated system which inspires the lawmakers and statesmen of israel .
859- this racism , from that time was considered the plan of hertzel .
860- racism had remarkable in the occupied territories that the united nations , in $year , a resolution called zionism a type of racism .
861- therefore the racist regime of israel with this ideology made the arabs residing in the palestinian territory wanderers .
862- in reality the racist outlook forms one of the basis and mind sets of zionism in the formation , stabilization and durability of this illegal creation in the region .
863- for years the regime occupying ghods through its racist thoughts has made the muslim palestinians , while even some of the palestinian citizens who have israeli nationality are also treated as a third class citizen .
864- the representatives of the islamic majlis have also obliged the government to concede the shares of companies transferable in such a way that it does not cause an increase or continuation of ownership of the government management of companies eligible for concession .
865- the secretariat of the council will be settled in the privatization organization and the council is required to have a speaker and the speaker is obliged to provide timely , clear and comprehensive information .
866- he said : the islamic revolution is full of foundations and values therefore our duty is to defend these ideals and values of the revolution .
867- commander jaafari by stating that a goal is sufficient for the missions and activities of our organization said : a goal which has been traced by the supreme leader for the corps so that we may be able to accomplish our mission correctly .
868- because this goal and anticipated guidelines are very determining for us and we should pay special attention to them .
869- the leader of the corps by referring to various enemy threats from the beginning of the islamic revolution said : after the revolution we were faced with a security threat .
870- we left behind the period of the holy defense for the military threat and in the interval after the war we are faced with cultural - political and social threats and therefore from the beginning of this stage the leader of the revolution warned against the subject of cultural attack .
871- therefore he ordered that the corps be a flexible organization so they may be able to enter into action correctly against political , social and security threats of the enemies .
872- by stating that the corps in order to accomplish this guideline requires an organization in different fields , he added : we have to our structure based on the surrounding conditions or existing threats so just as the leadership ordered be able to enter into action on time with flexibility .
873- hence the mission the corps is fight against internal threats and afterwards in case of a foreign military threat the corps will hasten to help the army .
874- he said : thank god until today the corps in the assigned missions has been able to carefully enter into action and to leave behind the hard passes .
875- commander jaafari also said : today all the threats reveal themselves through a variety of functions .
876- political , security and military threats through new approaches this matter shows that the threats against the revolution have become more complex and widespread than the past so we do not have the right to sit still .
877- commander jaafari said : since our revolution is a lively and dynamic revolution and every day it is faced with different threats of the enemy how can we fight the enemy through a type of a stereotypical training and then claim readiness .
878- he referred to the new strategy of the corps and said : the new strategy which the corps has is that all the defined works and missions are not placed as priority .
879- after strategic studies the type of activities in the organizations must be examined and the most important works be placed in priority .
880- commander jaafari said : today the mission of the basij should be the major axis of the mission of the corps and the appointment of commander hejazi as the director of the joint headquarters of the corps considering his the basij has been in .
881- he pointed out : just as the leadership ordered , of the work of the corps is basij itself .
882- the general commander of the corps also by referring to the fact that his holiness ordered that " the corps must become basij " continued : in order to accomplish this order and based on the opinion and agreement of the leader of the revolution the responsibility of the command of basij resistance is also assigned to general corps .
883- even though due to a great deal of work occupation i may not be able to spend full time in the basij headquarters but commander mir ahmadi who was the replacement of commander hejazi in resistance will remain in his position and will also help me this .
884- major general jaafari said at the end : my outlook on basij is the same outlook that has been explained by the supreme leader and i hope to be able to perform my duties in this field correctly .
885- in this ceremony also the efforts of commander hejazi the former commander of the basij resistance forces will be appreciated by the islamic republic pasdaran corps , the representative of guardianship jurists at the basij , the basij of the stratums and the basij of the sisters .
886- he considered the holding of this exhibition an illustration of the depth of relations and consolidation of the friendship of two asian countries and affirmed :
887- the opening ceremony of this exhibition with the title " carpet , the iranian cultural heritage " with the presence of the minister of commerce of thailand , the ambassador of the islamic republic of iran , a group of ambassadors residing in this country and the enthusiasts of iranian art and carpet friday at the inter - continental hotel of bangkok .
888- " mohsen pak ayin added : the iranian hand woven carpet has allocated to itself the first place in non oil goods exports and today more than five million people in the country are employed in woven carpet .
889- according to this plan , the opponents of the government in lebanon will overlook the organization of the national unity government and those in favor must also accept the election of a president based on two thirds of the votes of parliamentary representatives and with agreement on its candidate .
890- according to the report of the german state radio , if we believe the declarations of the foreign ministers of the european union while entering the building of the conference in luxembourg , there is no longer an obstacle on the path of the approval of the basic treaty of the european union .
891- " jean asselborn the foreign minister of luxembourg said that only small issues have remained and we must come closer to the positions of poland by one millimeter .
892- in this case everything will be settled .
893- frank walter steinmeier the german foreign minister also spoke about similar small steps and added : " according to my belief from the beginning of the year until now many have moved a lot of millimeters .
894- i am happy about this and am confident that this week during the conference of governments we will reach an agreement .
895- the fact that to what extent we will advance today one should wait and see .
896- in any case everyone is optimistic .
897- the rotating president of the leading council of the european union from portugal , in the past two weeks was successful exactly in this troublesome search for reaching a compromise legal formulation of the basic treaty .
898- of course poland still persists on a specific article to which a few countries can oppose decisions of the majority in the short run .
899- anna fotyga the minister of foreign affairs of poland who usually had a harsh approach , was gentle this time and did not present new requirements .
900- she said : " we never had illogical requirements .
901- of course we still have a big problem and that is this article .
902- but we have come very close to a compromise .
903- one has to wait and see what will happen .
904- austria , bulgaria and italy also have specific requirements which are of course part of small issues .
905- austria wants to make the entrance of german students into its universities harder .
906- bulgaria wants for euro to enter the contract with a bulgarian writing and italy is unhappy about the distribution of european parliament seats .
907- nevertheless , louise amadou the portuguese foreign minister expressed confidence that the leaders of the governments of the european union , in the meeting of thursday and friday of the heads of this union , will have the complete text basic treaty for ratification in front of .
908- according to him , contrary to the meeting of the leaders in the month of june in brussels , there will no longer be need for extra dramatic sessions for convincing all the countries and more than anything poland .
909- the basic treaty of the european union which is supposed to facilitate the working procedure and decision making of this union , until the european parliament elections in the year $year must be ratified by all the countries of the european union .
910- this document replaced the constitution of the european union which the people of france and holland through the course of a referendum in these two countries left unaccomplished with their negative answer .
911- the general commander of the revolutionary guards corps of the islamic revolution in another part of this negotiation referred to the threats of the enemies in attacking iran and said : iran has prepared plan and program for fighting against enemies in case of their probable attack .
912- the general commander of the revolutionary guards corps of the islamic revolution declared : the enemies will definitely regret their threats against iran and attacking iran will be a bitter experience for them so it is better they do not experiment it .
913- this meeting considering the continuation of bloody battles between the taliban group with the governmental and foreign forces in southern and south eastern provinces and provinces around kabul , has a high importance for this country from a political and security point of view .
914- he added : six years ago , afghanistan was a country that due to the rule of the taliban and the al - qaida terrorist group was considered as a serious threat against the security and stability of the region and the world .
915- farahi emphasized : the organization of this meeting in herat , for afghanistan whose geographical situation as a terrestrial bridge and a connecting point between mid asia and south asia has its specific importance in the region , is promising .
916- " soltan ahmad bahman " the speaker of afghanistan ministry of foreign affairs also in the margin of the preliminary meeting of today , said that this country from next week will bear the management of the echo organization meeting for one year .
917- according to him in today  s meeting , the experts will be exchanging thoughts with regards to the right for the subscription of members , economic projects , echo university , cultural issues cultural institute , necessary for the development of transportation , chambers of commerce and echo development bank .
918- he mentioned india as a good market for afghanistan exportation and said : due to obstacles which are created by pakistan , one cannot export goods to that country by way of land .
919- according to the reports of irna from new delhi , this meeting by the " strategic studies center of asia  india " and under the tile of " cooperation in the regional energy , business possibilities for power of india and iran " in new delhi , capital of india .
920- in this meeting seyed mehdi nabizadeh the ambassador of the islamic republic of iran and azizollah souri the economic expert of the embassy , " shahram chehelgardi samani " from the ministry of power in iran and a few experts and specialists for indian economic issues were present .
921- sayid " the former minister of power in india has made a proposition this and wanted to travel to tehran for negotiations with the iranian authorities , but due to his sudden death this proposition was postponed to later .
922- in the meantime " shahram chehelgardi samani " responsible of the ministry of power of iran regards to the experience and background of iran in the field of management distribution of electricity in the region analyzed for the attendees through a display of figures and numbers and the iranian map .
923- " mehapanra " said : india needs energy and all the possibilities for obtaining energy should be studied and cooperation between india and iran in the field of power can be one of the important ways for attaining energy .
924- middle - east  the office of amal movement in tehran at the threshold of the day of qods through a report to the studying of effort of the zionist regime under the u . s patronage for the eradication of islamic values and during past few decades and warned against such efforts .
925- the office of amal movement also in this report addressing the muslims warned against the future of palestine and requested an islamic determination for the resolution of the palestinian issue .
926- an extract from the text of this report follows
927- these conspiracies will take place with the intention of obtaining military and security power by this regime .
928- israel by making the arab and islamic people busy internal clashes and local and tribal differences , has drawn a louver wall between muslims and the holy and determining matters of palestine .
929- at this stage the role of imam mousa sadr as a muslim leader , thinker intellectual , major reformist and an indefatigable mujahid who for the first time actualized the jihad resistance plan shows itself .
930- after the occupation of palestine by israel , he sensed the danger of presence of this regime for lebanon tried the palestine issue appear as a national apprehension for all the muslims of the world and even an international and human issue .
931- imam mousa sadr by organizing the lebanese resistance groups under the title of amal movement put the foundation for the first stone of the edifice of the resistance plan against the zionist enemy .
932- in our resistance culture , qods is the first qibla and the third noble sanctuary .
933- there is the heart of the movement and the center of gravity of our mobility .
934- israel for about a quarter of a century was present in the lands of the year $year and the southern borders of lebanon but this was only a physical presence and any commercial , cultural visual dealings and
935- with lebanon .
936- the victory of the islamic revolution of iran with the leadership of imam khomeini ( peace be upon him ) became a pattern for all the palestinian and lebanese mujaheddin and combatants .
937- as imam khomeini said : israel is a cancer tumor and should be eradicated .
938- while most arabic and muslim governments are lying in the protecting bosom of this occupying enemy , imam khomeini presented the cry for the accomplishment of the administration of a nation who was tyrannized , its territory usurped and its children wandered out of their homeland .
939- imam khomeini by supporting the palestinian nation considered their issue part of priorities and constantly emphasized on the restitution of the rights of this oppressed nation and their defense .
940- therefore named the last the month ramadan qods day .
941- after the islamic revolution of iran , he transformed the israel embassy in tehran into the palestinian embassy and doctrinal support of the national palestinian resistance against the zionist occupiers , considered the palestinian issue the most important issue for the islamic world .
942- today and while all the criteria for support , helping and cooperation with this oppressed nation has faded , eyes are once again toward al - aqsa mosque which is witnessing the most dangerous excavation operations since the year $year .
943- these operations are being carried out under the bab elmegharbeh , the western door of , and threatens the al - aqsa mosque and ghabeh alsakhreh .
944- israel carries out these actions for covering up the main palestinian issue and wants to make the world accept that palestinians themselves cannot take up the rein of their affairs in hand .
945- they arrogantly announce that they will prevent the presence of those praying in the al - aqsa mosque and in continuation talk about their long term programs based on the construction of haykal soleyman temple which the jewish believe once upon a time existed at the current site of the al - aqsa mosque .
946- the actions of occupying forces under the bab elmegharbeh which is located on the west side of the mosque and is known as bab alnabi , is in reality the continuity of excavation and devastation operations which started in $year with the destruction of the village of elmegharebeh , a village at the border of the shiny wall .
947- the arabic and muslim nations for limiting and preventing the activities of the usurping and occupying government of israel which by racism smashes any nation which does not obey him and kills its children and must assert their purpose .
948- the tolerance and connivance of the arabic and muslim governments with regards to this is an incentive for the encouragement and continuity of the zionist enemy plans which is done with the aim of taking possession of our sacred and violation of respect toward our values .
949- a nation which loses its values and sacred is not worthy of life .
950- the blood of its martyrs who wanted to present grandeur and honor to their country will be trampled on and the nation will become despicable and abject .
951- this country from the south west is also connected to the caspian sea .
952- from the population point of view , kazakhstan is sixty second country of the world .
953- the great size of this country has resulted in six people living in each square kilometer of kazakhstan .
954- meanwhile this country has fit three time spans within itself .
955- the capital of this country is almaty .
956- the population of this country has decreased since the time of independence from the former union of soviet republics in the year $year .
957- of course this decrease goes back to the immigration of russians in the first years after the collapse of the soviet .
958- kazakhstan is operated as a republic .
959- the president in this country is the director of the military forces and has the right to veto the ratifications of parliament .
960- the prime minister is responsible for the formation of the cabinet and is considered the head of the government of kazakhstan .
961- this country  s flag is blue .
962- this color in kazakhstan flag signifies the unending sky of this country .
963- the national symbol of this country is also placed at the corner of the flag .
964- nevertheless the communication lines in this country are weak and the utilized equipments in the communication lines are mostly outdated .
965- oil , natural gas , coal , iron stone , nickel , cobalt and copper are among the major reserves of this country .
966- bush who considering the beginning of the countdown of the end of his eight year presence at the white house has become known as limping duck , declared : at the present time is getting wasted , in some of the key issues congress has just started working .
967- he added : now it is time for leaving politics to one side and create grounds for the legalization of this important program .
968- i had requested mike levitt the secretary of human services , al hubbard the director of the national economic council and jim nassel the director of the budget and management department to continue discussions with the congress .
969- i am sure that we can solve the differences in opinions and approve the program for low income children .
970- congress must cooperate so that the security of our people is provided .
971- one of the works that congress managed to do was the approval of the bill for the modernization of law for the supervision of foreign information .
972- this law allows our information experts to be able to supervise the terrorist contacts which intend to harm our people .
973- the problem is that congress decided to modify this law which will expire in february .
974- in addition that the house of representatives wants to consider another bill in relation with the law for the supervision of foreign information which the reforms of two previous months also weakens it .
975- when the bill for the supervision of foreign information is supposed to become better , congress must go ahead and not move backward so that we may be able to put at their disposition the necessary tools for information experts of self protection .
976- saedi announced the proposal of the government for determining a special credit row for the dikes in the country and added : " in order to make use of this credit row name of dikes should be included in the proposed plans . "
977- the head of police for combating narcotic drug in the great tehran while announcing this issue in the pavilion of the drugs the disciplinary forces of great tehran added : the destructive effects of this narcotic in the soul mental and body frames are worse than other narcotic drugs .
978- as reported by mehr news agency , the nationwide union of judiciary lawyers ' center of the country while announcing this news reminded the two days conference of members of the board of directors and the heads of the state judiciary lawyers centers will be held in kermanshah .
979- in this conference that the judiciary lawyers center in kermanshah is hosting , while reviewing the situation of the advocacy in the country , decision making will be made regards the most important issues related to the advocacy that has been previously approved by the executive board of union .
980- another passenger of the motorcycle was injured and taken to hospital for treatment .
981- the carelessness of the van paykan driver and driver 's diversion to the left announced as the reason for the accident .
982- this storm caused heavy dust in the rural and tribal areas of these cities .
983- carelessness and the high speed of the truck and the narrowness of the road have been announced as the reason of this accident .
984- the truck driver was injured and taken to the hospital .
985- the diversion to the left by pride due to exhaustion and sleepiness of the driver was announced the reason of the accident .
986- following the adjustment of the forces from the education and training bureau of karaj and by omission of the service personnel in most of the schools in the region of asara , the hygienic situation of schools has been reported extremely critical and the students danger and hazardous diseases .
987- following this measure a number of secondary schools in the region have been closed and the students have been deprived from the classroom lessons and become wandering .
988- this measure has been causing the strong objection of the families .
989- brigadier najafi asked the families to be careful while using the sport places in particular swimming pools and in case of finding suspicious cases inform the police .
990- he said " the post of rasoul - e akram ( peace be upon him ) is active on account of tight association with the ideals of the islamic republic system and the orders of the supreme leader and general the system for creation of lasting security in the east of the country .
991- in one of his latest stances has assumed right hezbollah 's demand the future president of lebanon should take measure for supporting the resistance and its weapon and has said that hezbollah and resistance is a part of the lebanese nation .
992- he also demanding the creation of a new election law in lebanon suits the current reality of the country and considers the democratic parliament system , taking into account that society is in possession of several tendencies and inclinations , the foundation for the state of lebanon .
993- he also demanded the implementation of to prevent richness of people through illegitimate ways , cancellation of the parliament in the south , compensation of losses resulted from the aggressions of the zionist regime and annulment of migrants ' fund exclusive for payment of the expenses for return of the internal war and compensation of their losses .
994- harb believes that the improvement of the financial situation of the country is the necessary condition for the revival of the economy and in country and at the same time he opposes " foad seniureh " the current prime minister of lebanon who has raised certain plans for increasing taxes .
995- he was selected in $year as the ambassador of lebanon in the united states . in the year $year when subsequent to tayef treaty the number of parliament deputies was and some substitutes were chosen the deceased members , he also became a parliament deputy .
996- even though he is the cousin of " emil lahood " the current president of lebanon , however he is against the extension of his presidential term and during the years $year to $year who was a parliament deputy , he was opposing his contemporary governments .
997- lahood has announced that he is duty bound to hold the presidential election at due occasion , granting the right to the opposing forces in the cabinet and the establishment of the national unity government after electing the president .
998- lahood has emphasized that lebanon should preserve its solidarity with the issue of palestine and support the rights of palestinians and remain duty bond to the policy of arabic solidarity and the effort for making a fair and all - inclusive peace .
999- he has also emphasized on the necessity of repatriation of palestinians to their homeland and rejected their permanent resettlement in their residing countries and has said the living conditions of the palestinian refugees in the camps inside lebanon should be improved .
1000- lahood has said ; i can play the role of a president who suits this role and such a person should be arbiter who can stand in the equal distance between all the lebanese and enjoy the confidence of all the lebanese .
1001- he doesn 't consider himself in the middle of an axis among the available axis in the region and regards iran a great country in the region and expresses hope that this country cooperates with all lebanese .
1002- as reported by the islamic republic news agency , the internet site of " doutsche welle yesterday in a report while referring to the annual message of the president of russia to the people of this country wrote : the comments by putin revived the war era and had a threatening tone .
1003- but mr. sabeti acted alone whoever captured .
1004- i was disturbed and did not cooperate with him and said that savak has six thousand members in tehran alone , it act alone .
1005- one night there was bombing in four locations of tehran .
1006- tomorrow hoveyda telephoned that you must come to the meeting .
1007- fardoost and hedayati were there as well .
1008- the meeting was conducted and hoveyda said that shah is disturbed about this matter , why don't you cooperate
1009- we knew that savak was exploding the bombs so to pretend there is sabotage in the city and all armed forces must cooperate with savak .
1010- a person named jahan shab zharfi who was the bomb maker for savak and built the bombs himself died in a bombing incident and this proved the fact that savak was the agent of bombing .
1011- i summoned colonel makhfi , the intelligence officer and with the help of the police telephone operator , wired a wire to sabeti 's telephone through the wall and made a tape of his conversations .
1012- not being diverted and the independent recital of each of these attributes serves to express the causation of each of them .
1013- ! ! follow the same external line with some difference in its affiliate newspapers and websites .
1014- etemad melli newspaper too almost like kargozaran party , followed the viewpoints of american circles and in a thick headline on its first page reported a " factional competition within the assembly of experts in an article it expressed joy that customary competitions have found way into the assembly of experts .
1015- in that tape sabeti wanted land money and rug from people .
1016- i transcribed that tape and gave it to shah .
1017- when shah found out about the incident said " how greedy is he .
1018- handed the tape to fardoost and said " notices be given to savak .
1019- i was born in a bahai family the districts of semnan in a neighborhood named tappeh sar .
1020- he was proficient in the english language and had education in economics and political affairs .
1021- in these competitions the basijis of the resistance district of the province of tehran succeeded in claiming the status of championship of this round in the fields of physical preparation .
1022- at the end of competitions of the country 's first group of the gymnastic league , the karaj gymnastic team stood on the second platform , is noteworthy : karaj gymnastic team could for first time participate in this round of competitions .
1023- hamedan kayhan reporter : the results of women 's ping pong in hamedan at the series of competitions of the first iranian sports olympiad was announced .
1024- likewise in the individual category , neda shahsavari from kermanshah and elna titarinko form tehran obtained the first and second positions and parisa samadi from esfahan and maryam samet from golestan jointly became the third .
1025- no criminal group has ever come close to the point of fear and suffering that manifested by governments under the control of stalin , hitler , mao pol pot .
1026- the opponents of anarchy , those who use this term in negative meaning could reply by saying we should not make judgment about the blessings of the government on the basis of its worst examples .
1027- in such circumstances the brain 's siren goes off .
1028- by the order of the brain , the valve of glands of sweat open and the current of perspiration comes to our help ( see the image above ) .
1029- according to our reporter from kashan the volleyball competitions of the health employees of the province of esfahan was conducted in the martyr fayyazbakhz auditorium of esfahan .
1030- in these competitions the volleyball team of the health institute of kashan , aran and bigdel obtained the third position after the health headquarter team of the province and the health institute of esfahan .
1031- the children soccer team of the convenience entertainment organization of the municipality of kashan made its way to the finals of the provincial competitions of the province of esfahan .
1032- pakdasht kayhan reporter : concurrent with the weak of government one round of shooting was conducted in the shooting board club of the province of pakdasht .
1033- in these competitions in the brothers ' segment javad moghiseh , reza sotoodeh fallah and seyyed mohammad farjami respectively became first to third and in the sisters ' section nahid karimi , behnaz sigarchi and mojgan aram vala obtained the first to third ranks .
1034- darab kayhan reporter : on the occasion of the days of shabanieh and the veterans ' day one round of four - way sitting volleyball was conducted at darab .
1035- at the end of these sitting volleyball competitions the veterans of the province of jahrom obtained championship and the sitting volleyball team of veterans of darab became the champion .
1036- this hiking took place in the direction of the plan to transform physical preparation at time of crisis and with the intent of alavi fighting and asymmetric war and the training of battle in the mountain and difficult circumstances .
1037- according to the report of our reporter from esfahan the first round of special volleyball competitions for women of cities of the country was conducted .
1038- the number of the teams present in these competitions which took place in the city of mashad were in order mashad , tehran , ghom , esfahan the women 's volleyball team of the municipality of the cities of the country esfahan was able to obtain the third rank this round of competitions .
1039- even a kind of paradigm affiliation became commonplace .
1040- it is in this manner that one could discuss types and sorts of sociologies and could no longer say the concept urban sociology revolves around " city and its methods , are objective and positivistic .
1041- in the history of western films , no sheriff has ever been black and none of them were so dumb and discourteous .
1042- this model has also been implemented perfectly in the horror film " collection .
1043- with the operation of these plans in addition to the increase in the rate of communicative plans many of the compatriots in this city could enjoy the services of this center .
1044- hojjat al - islam valmoslemin ghahreman ahmadi the friday imam of mehraban in a glorious ceremony praised the services of the two years of the ninth administration and said " the ninth administration is the administration of values .
1045- this administration loses no opportunity to providing services to people and being hardworking is the special quality of this administration .
1046- however we tried to have some conversations with the people around the convoy of media during the visit .
1047- before leaving the city we asked the major of zahedan who was on the bus to explain some of the city services and social welfare issues joint venture of the city province in the city of zahedan .
1048- hasan ali nouri , major of zahedan , told reporters " about the improvement of road conditions in the city of zahedan in spite old structure in the center impressive measures have been taken and now you can witness some of the related projects have been completed .
1049- the plan for repairing and widening the roads katam square to azadi square ( city of zahedan ) has been completed and the road from the civic center to zahedan 's airport has been put in order .
1050- he pointed to ongoing developments eghbal lahouri ( where was passing by ) said " this will be connected to zahedan toward mirjaleh in the future .
1051- after the major 's explanations , the bus moved toward zabol from and an hour had not passed from departure towards zabol when the bus was directed toward a dirt road .
1052- the bus driver who was wearing all white balouchi attire tried to move in that dirt road so that the cameras would capture some images the cement factory in construction .
1053- ayatollah makarem shirazi explains from the beginning islam has introduced itself as a universal religion and nationalities are irrelevant in islam said " from the very beginning islam has had a unifying soul however at the moment this is very necessary issue .
1054- a brief conversation irna 's reporter some producers in this festival indicates that having skills in all professional classes so that through that skill it would be possible to engage in economic activities can be effective in developing employment in the country .
1055- a disabled person with damaged spine is nonetheless a human with valuable intellectual and emotional potentials which should be identified and utilized .
1056- trainers must likewise make an effort so that the families of the injured individual obtain the necessary information concerning the problems and limitations of the disabled individuals with spinal damage as well as the effective methods of helping them .
1057- the governor asked the driver to direct the bus to the middle of the building workshop .
1058- and now a portion of that has been transported to the factory site .
1059- when violence escalated in the fall of $year he pressured rumsfeld .
1060- he made suggestions nothing happened .
1061- agricultural development is not in the goals of mullah sadra dam which is built on top of doroodzan dam and has been used by the presence of the president during this year and it only organizes the agricultural situation before the construction of dam .
1062- the main goal of the plan is to control water to and the return water from the power plant will be routed back to the stream of the river and eventually go into the doroodzan dam lake .
1063- the sivand dam built on the sivand river in the balaghi canyon has an insignificant amount of controlled water .
1064- during the hot season before building the dam , the water from this river did not even reach the traditional channels of the farms at the end of the river let alone create a water source for bakhtegon .
1065- her report about nigeria and east timor has won important prizes
1066- in other words , p.
1067- the prevention of incidents , management of weight , the health of spirit and psyche are our most important priorities .
1068- cases such as health services and the arranging of family fortunately being covered to a good degree by the ministry of health but we have a void in the discussion of social work and social consultation these services be provided at the houses of health .
1069- lieutenant farzaneh who was at the time the chairman of intelligence became the head of police intelligence .
1070- shah said that this assembly must be formed and whoever you captured you must turn in to savak .
1071- s has been transformed into a tool at the hand of big companies where even preschool children are targets and parents aware , do not take any action to prevent this problem .
1072- the policy of the commerce ministry is that for any goods that there is no concern about securing its internal market , definitely makes plans for the exit of these goods from the support basket .
1073- it must be noted that the main priority of every government is regulating the internal market and securing the needs of people inside the country and it is with fulfilling this need that with the exit of the concerned goods of the basket one could into freeing of the price , export and
1074- take into consideration
1075- for the first time we in the government decided that instead of regulating with control mechanisms , regulate the market with the mechanism of supply and demand and one of the proposed strategies in this method is relying on the strategic storage .
1076- the entry of goods to the support basket has its own special structure and requires passing the legal stages and enactment of the panel of ministers although the expert view of the commerce ministry would be also taken into consideration in this decision making .
1077- nevertheless the goods included the support basket of the government compared to the previous years has not had any decrease or increase .
1078- moreover now the commerce ministry does not feel any need for goods to be placed in the support basket of the government .
1079- we believe the goods being placed in the support basket is the worst strategy for regulating the market of goods .
1080- this method is not a suitable method for regulating the market and there are other various ways for regulating the market of goods without being placed in the support basket .
1081- one could say the entry of any goods to the support basket of the government for regulating the market is in fact a kind of operation and among the last of proposed strategies .
1082- if this decision is taken into consideration as the first strategy of regulating the market it would be definitely a mistake although this decision making method for regulating the market at least has not been the objective in the ninth government and for this reason no goods has been added to the support basket of the government .
1083- this is the same method that was taken into consideration when regulating the steel market and without the entry of these goods to the support basket of the government , we are now witness to a very quiet market in steel .
1084- for regulating the market of these goods with the increase in production and in this now with the ministry of industries , producing factories and the stock officials have regular meetings so the regulation of the market of steel and iron is done properly .
1085- with this trend moving towards the free economy is an essential matter and the duty of the government in this framework is to make the climate of competitive .
1086- if one could consider the production and consumption of cement in the point , when in the neighboring countries there is much demand for this goods due the boom of construction this matter in itself causes concern about the element of exports .
1087- one could say the share of free market in securing these goods is less than a percent .
1088- the formation of free market after pricing the goods is a natural matter and in the present situations also the suppliants of construction can act on the basis of the permit of construction through provincial committees for securing the cement needed for construction .
1089- mehrizi fullers have learned this craft from their fathers and transferred it to the next generation as a handicraft and indigenous industry for the bread of life and as a indigenous art .
1090- however being a fuller and hatter is not regarded the perpetual occupation in the life of residents of the neighborhood of the house of fuller marviz abad of mehriz but it has been and is considered besides other matters such as the occupation of farming and veterinary .
1091-  akbar zare bidaki  known as hatter said : in the past in the historical neighborhood of mazvir abad and the full house , the majority of people after finishing farming and veterinary work were busy with making felt .
1092- any way although one could not ignore some of such insufficiencies , but the common point in the prospect of chemo present in the gathering isfahan is their concurrence in the affirmation of efforts that are made throughout the country for securing the needs of this devoted stratum .
1093- with no doubt , these are the national heroes of this land and at the same time the victims of the ferocity of criminals dominant in the international system who by their evil worker that is to say saddam , have committed the deadliest crimes against these people .
1094- therefore how good it is with anew reading the terms in the lexicon of our country , we know the most heroic of heroes and the true myths of this land better and also respect them .
1095- however being a fuller and hatter is not regarded the perpetual occupation in the life of residents of the neighborhood of the house of fuller at marviz abad of mehriz but been and besides other matters of farming and veterinary .
1096- haji akbar who due to being skillful in this handicraft , in the region is known as  hatter  , added : at previous years most people felt the door of houses and or hosseinieh .
1097- bidaki stated : the fuller craftsmen in their felt carpets with order and design , put beautiful lines and designs and patterns and then start the work of .
1098- israel with all its power , organs and offices is executing the plan and policy of tribal purgation that has started from the year $year ad with killing and vagrancy of the palestinian nation and still continues fiercely .
1099- in israel 's view , palestinian children should die , their youth should be humiliated , their elders should be inspected their crusaders should be arrested to this charge that their father is a palestinian from the west bank or their mother is a palestinian from the gaza neck .
1100- the main policy of israel is tribal purgation and transplant of palestinians from their land and this policy which means shattering hundreds of families and scaring thousands of palestinians and killing hundred persons of them has become more sever during the last years and months .
1101- from the viewpoint of radical zionists , children and even the newborns of palestine in the future may change into people who execute self - sacrifice and suicidal operations or become members of the helpers and companions of crusaders .
1102- fastidious actions of israel even for the present arab residents of the $year land have increased it has cancelled citizenship and the insurance of some of palestinians and has barred them from treated in the hospitals and even private clinics .
1103- the occupying regime of qods with the racist policy and barring palestinians from individual and social rights intends to torture and disappoint and make them gradually leave their homeland and take refuge in arabic countries .
1104- saffar harandi emphasized the protection and vigilance of the heritages and works remained from this known public and pious figure and stated : his house and its surrounding area with suitable designing should be transformed into a cultural centre and complex .
1105- he while pointing out that his life was for god , said : molla abbas rashed torbati for god served people and all his attempt was that people progress and move forward .
1106- he said : the clergyman molla abbas rashed torbati with his valuable ethical virtues influenced and impressed people so much that petitions and needs being to him .
1107- it is worth mentioning the commemoration gathering of cleric haj molla abbas rashed torbati began on wednesday morning last week in torbat heidarieh and on thursday afternoon finished its work .
1108- saffar harandi called the duty of human beings and said : for the realization of these two important acts at first should choose the correct way to reach to the desired result .
1109- the director of the state 's general inspection organization called the multiplicity of the supervision centers the serious impairment of the country and said : the multiplicity of the supervision centers and the parallel work in this domain are main problems and dilemmas that should .
1110- the director of the inspection organization reiterated : in order to create cooperation among supervision organizations and execute unified policies in this regard , the suggestion of establishing the high council of supervision  has been submitted to the heads of the three branches .
1111- he added : the state  s general inspection organization has become the officer of preparing the draft of establishing the  high council of supervision and if the  high council of supervision is established in the country , among the supervision organs cooperation and work share would be created .
1112- niazi called the state  s general inspection organization the most comprehensive supervision organ of the country and said : the comprehensiveness of this organ is due to the responsibility that the constitution of the islamic republic of iran has been assigned to the inspection organization .
1113- around seven to eight months ago i warned about the rise of the rate of inflation and i still believe that if suitable policies are not adopted , in the future again the rate of inflation will rise .
1114- pezhvian at the same time referred to the policies of the government for controlling the rate of inflation and said : the government through imports , controls a part of the basket of inflation index .
1115- if this volume of imports was not consumption goods , the rate of inflation should have been much higher than the present figure .
1116- in the situations that the world described the new plan of president poutin for being present in the future elections of the parliament of russia shocking but trying for continuation of stability has been the main motive of the plan being put forward by poutine .
1117- but what i should talk about today is that your party has the ability to be one of the tools of creating social stability and it is for this reason that i accept your suggestion for being present in the list of the party of united russia .
1118- putin  s speech more than once faced the expression of feelings of those present especially when he emphasized the chairmanship of the government is a realistic matter and he has the perspective of cooperating with the new presidency .
1119- poutin many times refused making changes in the constitution that allowed him to stay for third period in the presidency post and this matter was done despite continuous requests of the political leaders , politicians and the prominent members of the media .
1120- on the basis of this enactment , all the decision - making committees , boards councils and headquarters in the government are in their economic decisions , to ask and consider the views of economic activists .
1121- the representatives of the parliament also obliged the government to recognize the membership of director or the representative of the chamber of commerce and the industries and mines of iran in the economic decision - making councils by the way of rectifying the related regulation or rulebooks .
1122- with the approval of the representatives of the parliament from now on the director of the chamber of commerce , cooperation , industry and mines of iran as the official member is added to the structure of the members of the economic council , the high committee of the currency reserve account , the committee of foreign investment and the supreme committee of cession .
1123- abbasi hotel of isfahan the settlement place of these devotees , which usually is the host of foreign tourists or countrymen is these days the host of those who with a simple appearance but a heart full of love of homeland , often have a common pain .
1124- according to irna  s report , the corporation of martyr and devotees has gathered these un - heard of devoted the far - off corners of the country in isfahan so it puts them under medical examinations in specialized committees .
1125- the simplest thing that i could do was to ask for elections because we whether now and or in the future will be victorious in the elections .
1126- for me elections do not just mean competition because we will be victorious in this competition but the main point is holding elections for our viewpoints about future and i until the year $year need time to exercise these views completely .
1127- brown in this talk also defended his strategies in asking for and then canceling the elections and emphasized that he should consider the views of his advisors in this matter .
1128- some members of the cabinet in informal circles had called the recent visit of brown during last week a disastrous action and had emphasized that this action can represent the policy games of brown with the english forces in iraq .
1129- moreover during recent it was disclosed that douglas alexander one of the administrators of the elections during the last week has been severely against holding it and he has feared that a high number of the eligible do not go to the voting ballot .
1130- in these conditions jak asit is the most senior governmental authority in england who still supports the idea of holding early elections in england .
1131- despite this one of the senior members of the labor party who did not want his name to be disclosed regarding brown  s action said the victory always has hundreds of friends but defeat is always an orphan .
1132- brown government at the moment faces sever criticisms regarding the announcement of accepting the immigrant iraqis .
1133- gordon brown , the prime minister of england who last week in a surprise visit had gone to iraq and announced the exit of a thousand forces of this country from iraq by the end of the current year , said : this measure is only for managing the security by the iraqis themselves .
1134- therefore i can not see the reduction of the number of our forces as defeat or desperation against the security threats .
1135- brown added : when we announced the reduction of our forces in iraq this matter was due to this that we had been able to establish security and i think the security established in iraq is perpetual .
1136- at every corner of this garden you look , a soft color intrigues your eyes to itself here there is no news of the yellowness of autumn the most yellow color in this garden is yellow and petals flowers that have become the perch of bees and butterflies with beautiful wings and feathers .
1137- he called the rock garden , cactus greenhouse and meaty plants the most important parts of this garden and said : in addition to these collections , the collection of the iris flower and rose that also bloom in ordibehesht are among the most diverse sections of this garden .
1138- during the winter season around four hundred various types of plants and flowers are kept in the garden of flowers of isfahan so after the autumn season and in the cold of winter , life still flows in this garden and the eager spirits revive while visiting the magical beauties of this celestial wonder .
1139- the existence of war in the two countries of iraq and afghanistan and the unaccountability of their health system in addition to the low level of hygiene in some regions of pakistan especially its borderline regions with iran have made certain conditions for the country which the health minister calls special conditions .
1140- bagheri lankarani the health minister has said that due to the executed measures , the borderline watch and finding disease have increased and the common borderline visits of health authorities are done regularly at borders and the world  s health organization has cooperation in this field .
1141- dr mohammad jafar mojarad  foreign currency deputy of the central bank  had also commented : one of the objectives of the central bank is the inauguration of foreign banks ' branches in the country that results in a decrease in budget vulnerability and also influences the oil price .
1142- based on the isna report it seems that the remarks new head of the central bank on the banks which have left iran in the establishment of the branches of banks in iran .
1143- tahmasb mazaheri a news gathering that the western banks which are in leaving iran permitted enter again their behavior is and against ethical principles .
1144- he emphasized : sooner or later these circumstances will change and those who had such behavior with us will no longer have any place in our economic relations .
1145- it is better that they forget iran and the benefits of working with iran .
1146- based on report isna a while ago mahmoud salahi  the secretary of the free zones supreme council  also announced initiating a plan for the establishment of foreign banks in the country from the country 's trade and industrial free zones .
1147- turkish board of ministers at yesterday ( monday ) session approved the contents of a bill issue entry permission for the army of this country to northern iraq and sent for reviewing and approval to the parliament of this country .
1148- the turkish national parliament is due to within the current week over this bill .
1149- turkish foreign ministry announced tariq al - hashemi , iraq 's deputy president , in a trip to turkey today is due to meet and discuss with the government officials of this country .
1150- this is while ankara intended to make ground ready for a military operation in northern iraq so as to be able to repel kurdish rebels from this region .
1151- he added : solving the present problem between p k k and turkey through military approaches is impossible .
1152- barezani reminded : we will not let armed individuals of this party to attack turkey from the iraqi soil .
1153- on the other hand the turkish army announced that mortar attacks to the kurd villages in northern iraq are not the starting point for a massive attack against the strongholds of the iraqi kurdistan workers ' party inside iraqi soil .
1154- the inhabitants of the villages in northern iraq with aljazira network , while expressing concern over turkish mortar attacks to villages in these regions an introduction for massive attacks of the turkish army to northern iraq in order to the elements of iraqi kurdistan workers ' party .
1155- russ wilson us ambassador in turkey said : i am aware of the depth of the anger of people in turkey towards the united states for armenians genocide by turkish ottomans at the foreign relations committee of the us parliament .
1156- based on a report by shinhova from ankara , turkish anatoly news agency reported yesterday ( monday ) : this explosion happened at the third floor of the croatian embassy building in ankara that caused some damages to the building of this embassy , yet casualties .
1157- investigations on the reason for the explosion have started .
1158- bashar asad syrian president today with the official invitation of abdollah gul his turkish counterpart and at the top of a high - ranking delegation will go to ankara .
1159- asad in this trip that is going to continue for two days will counsel with the president and rajab tayeb ordoghan turkish prime minster about the situations in the region and the two countries relationships .
1160- membership at the new generation cooperatives is limited to a certain amount of delivery rights ' shares .
1161- the new members are able to enter into the cooperative only when the existing members choose to sell their delivery rights ' shares to other manufacturers .
1162- this issue provides offering a certain and fixed level of products for the new generation cooperatives .
1163- the membership may differ given that some desire to sell their delivery rights shares however this issue will not cause variation in the amount of presented products to the cooperative .
1164- the sale of shares among manufacturers usually should be made with the agreement of the board of directors .
1165- usually a limited number of delivery rights shares are sold for membership .
1166- for this reason as members ' investment is high they will play a more role in comparison with the traditional cooperatives .
1167- but the problem is their inability that are so far neglected .
1168- it goes without saying the unemployment of youngsters and jobless will be a serious threat for society that by providing the required mechanism for the cooperative sector the mentioned threat would turn into a good opportunity .
1169- in the introduction section of the served policies by the supreme leader approving the new regulations or amending the existing laws has been emphasized that as a result the necessity for reconsideration and revision of cooperative laws taking into consideration the mentioned issues is inevitable .
1170- in case of in relations and regulations of the cooperative sector the possibility to attract foreign investment very limited and domestic investment also will be in the form of the current situation .
1171- changes in regulations and functions of cooperative institutions should be done in a way that effectiveness in the management of these institutions is not just limited to members ' sovereignty and capital also plays a role .
1172- it is possible to limit capital in cooperatives to a certain amount that power and monopoly of the role of investors in the institution .
1173- cooperative is among the accepted sectors in the constitution therefore , the private sector should an appropriate .
1174- after recognition and intensification of capabilities and privileges of the cooperative sector , government can using its sovereignty tools preserve and share and this sector in the economy .
1175- the union on universities and research institutes of the caspian neighboring countries has brought about opportunity to reinforce ties between caspian sea neighboring countries and by taking advantage of sports olympiads has strengthened such relations even further .
1176- the sports olympiads of this union in addition to rich culture of athletics its effect on the body and soul of athlete students , provides the grounds for spreading companionship and friendship and scientific - cultural developments among the caspian sea neighboring universities and ultimately among the nations in this region .
1177- since iran throughout history has always attached great importance to scientific , political , economic , cultural and athletic relations with other civilizations , considers having relation with its northern neighbors an important principle .
1178- promotion and propagation of the importance of caspian sea , preservation and protection of the environment and the joint scientific and research works in the field of smart manipulation of valuable resources and reserves of the caspian sea can be undertaken through this union .
1179- in believe of the thinkers of social field the disciplinary and judicial bodies enter for establishment of security when the anti social security concepts have gone beyond the prevention boundary and turned into a threat for order and social moral security .
1180- therefore murder , robbery , kidnapping , rape and tens of other crimes are signs of social insecurity such crimes have been perpetuated with the motive of personal hostility or financial motivation .
1181- such crimes directly or indirectly come about due to lack of social security in society .
1182- the opinion polls show the decisive determination of the disciplinary forces for fighting against the threatening signs of social and moral security in recent months satisfactory consequences and people demand the continuation of serious confrontation with the anti social security signs .
1183- respondents to an opinion poll by the islamic republic news agency ( irna ) on the plan for establishment of social security in tehran shows that the majority of respondents in the capital consider the establishment of social security a must and they demand establishment of order and security in society .
1184- based on the results of this opinion poll , concerning the way of implementing the plan on combating anti social security crimes the respondents are in this belief that such crimes should be and through a comprehensive evaluation effective elements in their expansion .
1185- even though the disciplinary forces ' confrontation at the society level with the phenomenon such as bad hijab and combating rascals and villains in people and experts ' points of view is indispensable and essential however some criticize the way social security plan implemented .
1186- in a way that the experts that the continuation of people 's satisfaction depends on the and long term implementation social security plan and this plan needs from a revolutionary to a sustainable based on principals become institutionalized in society .
1187- parviz davoudi first vice president of the islamic republic of iran said : putting into operation of poldasht - shah takhti bridge is a good opportunity for the ties between iran and the autonomous republic of nakhjavan to be considerably promoted .
1188- davoudi , wednesday reporters at khoy airport added : this bridge can boosts ties between the two countries and provide lots of facilities for connection between merchants , craftsmen and traders of both sides of the border for the exchange of goods .
1189- davoudi also added : the muslim people of nakhjavan have suffered numerous disasters throughout history and in the recent incidents iran has been pioneer in helping the people of this autonomous republic .
1190- he reminded : facilities such as road , for the transfer of goods and individuals from nakhjavan to azerbaijan has been provided by iran meanwhile iran has helped nakhjavan in the fields of civil and medical .
1191- germany as iran 's first trade partner in the last decade , its place the people 's republic of china and the united arab emirates as the broker country for the exchange of chinese has succeeded the first trade partner .
1192- the lack of trade balance between iran and germany and also the existing problems among the most important serious obstacles on the way of boosting two countries ' economic ties by the experts of trade development organization .
1193- signing of the memorandum of understanding , the agreement on encouragement and protection of foreign investment , signing of customs cooperation 's statement and signing of cooperation in housing sector are considered among the most important documents exchanged between iran and germany .
1194- the ministry of health has ordered all the health centers of the country take any the possibility of being inflicted with cholera in patients seriously .
1195- the symptoms of cholera are also not very complicated .
1196- vegetable is one of illness .
1197- health experts regarding the processes of sanitizing vegetables say that people first clean the vegetables properly and wash so its waste materials and mud .
1198- then pour it in a five liter water container , for each liter add three to five drops of ordinary dishwashing liquid to it and in continuation fill the container with water and stir so that the whole of the vegetable stays in the frothy water .
1199- then gather the vegetable from the surface of frothy water and empty the froth water and again wash the container and vegetable with hygienic water so the egg of the parasites and the remainder of the dishwashing liquid are separated from them .
1200- his breath with difficulty number .
1201- the sound of his chest does not stop .
1202- the alarm of coughs not give .
1203- without any exaggeration i am awe - struck by seeing the marvelous combination of all suffering and difficulty and agony and all this vitality and hope , patience and modesty this unassuming and virtuous balouch my countryman and praise his self - respect .
1204- tehran -  seyyed mojtaba samareh hashemi  the senior advisor of the president the change of secretary to the supreme national security council of the islamic republic of iran usual and natural matter and said : with individuals no changes in the nuclear policies of the islamic republic of iran will be made .
1205- ali larijani while answering question that if putin has had a certain message for iran in the trip to tehran said : yes he pointed out a certain view and mentioned a standpoint that is being reviewed .
1206- according to isna , doctor ali larijani the secretary to the supreme national security council of our country on the verge of the eight general gathering of the clerics of the army of the islamic republic of iran while referring to his next week  s negotiations with javier solana said : next tuesday in rome i visit solana .
1207- i think soon the works related to the power plant of boushehr would be done .
1208- secretary to the supreme national security council of our country in response to a new agreement has been made with regard to boushehr during the yesterday 's negotiations said : the main issues of the work have been done and administrative issues have remained .
1209- now only their financial behavior and operational cooperation should be determined .
1210- he regarding the negotiations of iran and the agency said : negotiations that were done last week were good negotiations .
1211- questions have been asked and these view in the presence of experts once more be reviewed .
1212- according to the report of the public relations of the developing exports bank of iran , these credit lines in the form of the seller  s credit and iranian exporters can while using those lines enjoy the benefits of receiving cash price of their goods .
1213- in the continuation of this report it has been stated : with the cooperation of the bank of developing exports of iran , a credit line would be allocated to exporting bus and minibus to the principal country .
1214- according to the report of fars news agency boone pickens while pointing out this matter in interview with business week added : the growth in demand , shortage of production and the expansion of international political tensions will lead to the increasing growth in the price of petroleum during the last three months of this year and the first three months of $year ad .
1215- this organization the speculations of traders who can earn money by betting on the future path of price , the factor of continuation of the increase in price .
1216- but opec critics say ; this organization should act for decreasing the price with more seriousness .
1217- at that time , the costliness of petroleum led to deflation in america and now similar concerns are appearing .
1218- the government of america has announced it is seriously worried about the current level of the prices this while it is expected the speed of economic growth of this country drops considerably during next year .
1219- according to fars news agency , guardian newspaper while announcing this matter quoting alistar darling added : many factors have led to the sever rise in the price of petroleum , but one of these factors is the shortage in supply .
1220- although organizations like the international energy agency ( i
1221- reuters news agency while announcing this matter quoting excel weber added : the central bank of europe against the transformations the petroleum market will react .
1222- in my opinion the normal conditions will return to the petroleum market but otherwise the increase in the petroleum price will lead to the sever decrease in the economic growth of europe .
1223- bbc report states : meanwhile many authorities of the western countries have announced their concern and fear from the growths in demand and increase in the price of petroleum and have asked for pressure on the producers of petroleum especially members of opec .
1224- according to their remark the increase in the price of petroleum will result in the enrichment of countries opec and big petroleum companies .
1225- they believe that international attempts for increasing the production of petroleum and preventing the unsteady growth of the petroleum price and factors that lead to its rise should be made .
1226- the stock of asia faced the most decrease in the indexes during the last two months .
1227- gholamreza heidari kord zangeneh in a talk with mehr news agency towards the private sector expressed criticism for not buy the share of the governmental companies and added : the privatization organization takes the governmental companies stock for supply but it does not determine demand .
1228- kord zangeneh while emphasizing that the price of offering share of these companies is not high , reiterated : for example the share of hopko company with a sever competition was bought by the private sector .
1229- he while answering this question that wouldn  t this company face the destiny of sadra company , reiterated : no , sadra was not sold expensive too , but it was bought expensive .
1230- in the stock selling expensive is not but it is competition .
1231- the basic price is considered for the sale of share of governmental companies , but that the buyers buy with a higher competition is related to them .
1232- he pointed out : the international conditions becomes more difficult everyday and the products become more complicated and definitely the increase in quality has the first role and standard in this regard can be determining .
1233- the first deputy of the president while referring to the order of the great authority of the leadership regarding prevention of squander said : with this order the government intends to design and implement new policies in various fields for prevention of squander  .
1234- ali akbar mehrabian during the one - day gathering of ' honoring the global day of standard added : a great part of activities of the country is devoted to the service sector and the country is seriously suffering from the lack of standards for various engineering , social and economic services .
1235- acquiring the high technology is one of the factors of power and nuclear energy and moving towards establishing nuclear power plans are considered the priority of the islamic republic of iran .
1236- parviz davoudi the first deputy of the president during the tenth gathering of the senior directors of the power ministry said : the successful presence of the president in new york was a strong show of glory and sovereignty of the iranian people and the statute of islamic republic .
1237- he on the verge of the tenth gathering of senior directors of the power ministry in talk with the reporters added : in this regard sessions with some industrialists , traders and experts have been held so their views are also received .
1238- davoudi announced these changes about the structure of bank investments , the supervision system for banks , the system of granting facilities , moving towards development and facilitation in the credit process of banks .
1239- among the malpractices done one could refer to offering meat without the veterinary stamp , offering minced meat prepared before and meat afflicted with jaundice .
1240- he added : investigating into health malpractices of the trade units has a special importance because if the health of the mentioned produce is not being confirmed by the vet it will cause common diseases between man and livestock .
1241- ghalibaf while emphasizing on special attention to the issue of attracting investment as one of the subjects that is always in the agenda of civil management , added : we should with the right management utilize the available investments in the municipality of tehran in the course of executing important civil projects  .
1242- the authorities of the executive guard of the national park of golestan , transferred this leopard which for reasons of illness , in the area of camping of this park , had taken refuge for medical treatment to the general department of environment of the province of golestan in gorgan .
1243- the deputy of the natural environment and variety of biology of the protection of the environment of gorgan in this regard said : the work of medical treatment and curing the leopard was done by a veterinarian and the deficiency in water in the body and the blood sugar of the body of the animal , secured and by use of aiding medicines , the physical situation of the animal improved .
1244- the commander of the disciplinary forces of the province of tehran arrested two women afghani and iranian who in claiming to cure the sick carried out swindles in the cities of pakdasht and sharif abad of the province of terhan .
1245- he added : this woman who is named delbar would give the sick a piece of sugar - cube insert inside tea and drink it along with saying " oh merciful oh compassionate they would be cured .
1246- he specified : this woman likewise claimed that she has two angels named mangol and sabzehgol that only she is able to see them to appear at times as an image of light and sometimes in the mold of a bad face .
1247- he noted burying the heart of a sheep wrapped in a white sheet as another one of the tricks of this woman for curing the sick .
1248- this organization because of the prediction of the heavy downpour of rain and the blowing of heavy wind in some spots in the provinces of ardabil , gilan , mazandaran and the northern towns of western and eastern azarbaijan predicted tomorrow  s flooding of the general roads and the waviness of the sea of mazandaran .
1249- ghotbzadeh added in the continuation of the investigations of the police it was clarified that the victim worked as a shepherd that after being raped with the twisting of pants around his neck had been murdered .
1250- hossein alipor in pointing to the positive dealings and the intensified collaboration among the judicial institution , the disciplinary forces and the natural resources of mazandaran said : following this legal dealing confronting with violators in the arenas of forests and pastures in mazandaran is intensified .
1251- the public relations of the department of health , treatment and medical instruction announced : general physicians who have passed the field of homeopathy ( a branch of the group of holistic medicine ) are permitted to practice in holistic medicine .
1252- based on this report physicians who have passed at least two years of this field in one of the credible and confirmed centers and their certificate is issued by the high counsel of assessment can with obtaining permits practice in this area in their offices .
1253- this brown colored calf seventy five days old in the area of sangar of the province of gilan the design of a goat and a fish in white colors on his sides such that the awe of every viewer is provoked .
1254- the thieves had some time ago stolen a car in nowshahr and in another armed theft at night robbed a house in tonkaben that during the chase by the disciplinary authorities of this city one of them was wounded and hurt .
1255- the wounded thief was arrested in the ramsar hospital and the two fleeing thieves also fell into the trap .
1256- the thieves were residents of the village of garmeh bojnoord .
1257- the members of this gang from two years ago carried out armed robbery , transport of narcotics and hostage - taking and insecurity in this town .
1258- kerman - irna : one network of corruption and prostitution during the current week was destroyed in kerman .
1259- the deviation to the left by the bus was announced cause of the accident .
1260- according to reports by irna , colonel mostafa mokhtarifar added : following the appearance of several instances of armed robberies , robberies with assault , rape of women and purse snatching in ahvaz the case in a special manner in the intelligence police of khuzestan was under pursuit and investigation .
1261- he added : in this pursuit and fleeing one of the thieves was arrested and the second person also who had the intention to flee with the use of the law of using weapons , was aim and was wounded and arrested .
1262- the news agency b
1263- c reported : valdimir putin the president of russia on tuesday at the end of the meeting of the heads of the countries on the margins of the caspian sea emphasized that we are near agreement about the important issues about the caspian sea .
1264- c added : putin in the joint press conference with the heads of the caspian coast countries told the reporters that " we really had a good movement in solving the issues of the caspian and we agreed until reach the final conclusion we will continue our negotiations .
1265- these meetings took place in the hall known as hafizieh in the complex of the palace of saadabad in tehran and the leaders of the countries on the margins of the caspian in the their final meetings afternoon of tuesday , ratified the final announcement of the meetings .
1266- the first official meetings of the heads of these five countries in the year $year the innovation of the then president of turkmenistan was carried out in eshghabad , but about determining a legal regime in the caspian it did not reach final .
1267- commander ahmadi moghadam the commander of police of the country at the outset of the week of naja in the gathering of reporters pointing to the actions of naja answered questions regarding the formation of an economic police with attention to widespread bank crimes and fraud .
1268- commander ahmadi moghaddam added : in the meeting with the presence of the first deputy of the president and the officials of the judiciary , this report under investigation and it was determined the judiciary in these cases and makes a plan complaints .
1269- commander ahmadi moghaddam said : it is determined the prosecutor of economic crimes will produce a letter and the government also gives the judiciary authority to prevent the wasting of the income of customs and taxes of the government .
1270- commander ahmadi moghadam said : the curve of the appearance of crimes in the country is descending .
1271- commander naja in pointing the credibility of the obstruction of the border this year has been given to the authority of the ministry of the interior said : this type of assigning delayed the credibility of the activities of physical obstruction of borders six months and because of the flowing of flood , some of the actions also were damaged .
1272- commander ahmadi moghadam about the new stage of the plan for raising social security said : confronting the petty sellers of narcotics and the distributors of prohibited films are among the new projects of this design .
1273- according to reports of irna the president of turkmenistan said : turkmenistan in finding a way for solving and linking the issues remaining about the legal regime of the caspian sea is based on the international standards and determining the right of governing and national interests of five country  s the margins of the caspian .
1274- he emphasized : at the same time we believe that unilateral action on the part of other coast countries especially gas explorations in debated areas that are not agreed upon by the sides , is for turkmenistan not acceptable .
1275- he in pointing to the visit of the foreign ministries of the coast countries that in the year $year was carried out in eshghabad , added : during those meetings a stable mechanism as special working group was established .
1276- bardi mohamadof said : it is necessary that we have a new way of dealing with the issues of the caspian sea so that the high authorities of the coast countries can enter into solving and settling the remaining issues .
1277- he at the conclusion with noting the current situation appropriate for laying the groundwork for five way agreements , emphasized : to activate this issue it is necessary that have more inclinations in relation to one another .
1278- dr mahmoud ahmadinejad the president said : the workers of the islamic government with maintaining the high spirits taken from the blessed month of ramadan and with speed and devotion must continue service to the people more than before .
1279- according to the reports of irna citing the office of media affairs of the president , ahmadinejad on sunday in a meeting of the council of ministers with repeat congratulations of the happy eid fetr added : the rites and blessings of the blessed month of ramadan must always the lives of people .
1280- he in an interview with irna added : the non - executive organization of badavand from the beginning of the following year will enter the phase of development and execution of research plans and it is predicted in the course of a number of years all the sensitive centers , vital and important of the country will be equipped to the non - executive badavand .
1281- a group of reformist political activists , former ministers of the reformist government , representatives from the fraction of the minority of the seventh parliament and some journalists with presence in the office of hojjatoleslam va moslemeen seyed mohammad khatami congratulated the former president of our country the happy eid fetr .
1282- in this meeting , likewise the sixty fourth birthday of seyed mohammad khatami was honored by his supporters with carrying out a celebration along with the gifts of flowers and eating a cake which fans of his had made .
1283- the meeting of the central council of the society of combating clerics last night with the presence of the majority of the members and the presidency of hojjatoleslam va moslemeen khatami .
1284- the expression of severe worry about the new conspiracies of the regime occupying jerusalem and its supporters against the innocent people of palestine and the land of jerusalem , and the call on the world of islam , the leaders of islamic countries and the various palestinian groups to awareness , unity and opposition to these conspiracies
1285- the parliamentary deputy of the office of the president announced : the president likely at the end of this week or the beginning of next week will introduce his two new ministers to the parliament of the islamic council in order to gain votes of confidence .
1286- hojjatoleslam va moslemeen masourdpour in an interview with the political reporters of the student news agency of iran ( irna ) said : based on the decision taken , misters nozari and mohrabian will be introduced as the minister of oil and industries to the parliament of the islamic council .
1287- based on this report a while ago the president after the withdrawal of tahmasebi and vaziri hamaneh the ministers of industry and oil , appointed mohrebian and nozari as the supervisors of these two ministries until the introduction of new ministers .
1288- according to the report of wednesday of the official news agency of malaysia ( barnama ) , seyed hamid albar tuesday after a meeting with ebrahim ghanbari , the special delegate of the un in kuala lumpur the capital of malaysia said :
1289- in a complete way supports his peace mission in trying for the persuasion of the military government of myanmar towards reconciliation with ang song suchi the leader of the people  s movement this country ( myanmar ) .
1290- the foreign minister of malaysia likewise requested from the leaders of the military government of myanmar to allow ghanbari to once again travel to this country and attempt to eliminate the ongoing political clashes in myanmar .
1291- according to the reports of irna , ebrahim ghanbari the former foreign minister of nigeria who is now responsible for special delegate of the united nations before entering kuala lumpur sunday in a trip to thailand , had a conversation with the leaders of this country about the current issues in myanmar .
1292- ebrahim ghanbari also on tuesday in a conversation with reporters in kuala lumpur , the aim of carrying out the collection of his current trips to countries
1293- cited it as the way of a peaceful solution for eliminating the current unrest in myanmar .
1294- according to reports by irna , the special delegate of the united nations in his first trip last month to myanmar visited and negotiated with tan shiv the director of the council of peace and development of myanmar and also ms suchi .
1295- oil and gas , fishing and boating and also important axes like issues of security and military , the trafficking of narcotics and humans , the line of transferring energy , environment and
1296- dr seyyed rasool mousavi the expert of international issues also said : a type of realism among the countries on the margins of the caspian sea for determining the legal regime of this sea as opposed to the previous view of these countries has come about .
1297- i believe for the caspian a special regime with the agreement of the countries on the margins of the caspian will be determined because determining the legal regime of this sea merely based on division or sharing will not realize the desires of countries .
1298- this issue in the framework of the legal regime sharing is researchable .
1299- this expert of international issues continued : in the meetings of the ministers that were carried out in tehran to some degree the debates the level of the sea were discussed .
1300- the exclusive domain or the border for each country , likewise the domain of exclusive fishing will also be determined .
1301- he in calling important the trip of putin to iran and the impact of this trip on issues such as the nuclear issue of our country claimed : it is not the case that this trip and its impact will create a fundamental change in the path of the countries .
1302- russia about the nuclear issue of iran has its own specific path
1303- he said : in regional and international terms as much as iran uses the presence of putin , russia also gains from presence in iran .
1304- of course the weight of these going and coming is heavier toward russia and they gain more from this presence .
1305- dimitir paskof , the deputy of the spokesperson of putin about this said : putin intends to show iran the importance of continuing diplomacy .
1306- he will tell ahmadinejad that russia accepts iran  s right to use nuclear energy , but desires iran open its nuclear program to international inspectors to prove it being peaceful .
1307- alexander shomilin , the expert of issues the middle east also believes that current situation of the conflicts about the nuclear program of iran is very important .
1308- itartus reported that the president of russia for a formal visit with the islamic republic of iran will tonight arrive in tehran .
1309- putin during trip to iran in addition to meeting with the officials of the islamic republic , will participate in the second meetings of the head of the caspian .
1310- the news agency of reuters reported : dimitri paskof , the deputy of the spokesperson of kremlin in moscow said that he has no information about any change in the plans of the trip of the president of russia to tehran .
1311- paskof , about the news of the existence of a conspiracy for putin , said that he cannot confirm such .
1312- it is noteworthy that the intelligence services of the west with starting the psychological war and spreading rumors , have tried to arrange for the cancellation of the trip of vladimir putin to iran .
1313- the officials of the white house from several days ago asked russia to abstain from getting close to iran even for solving and settling the remaining issues of the caspian sea and the arrangement of the legal regime of this sea .
1314- john bolton , the former ambassador of the united states in the united nations and of the supporters of the zionist regime , was among the officials who sent moscow such messages .
1315- the reporter of irna , citing sources in central asia have reported that the influential lobby for interfering in the important regional meeting in tehran has began its work from a long time ago .
1316- these sources have claimed it likely that the attempts of the intelligence services of the zionist regime and the western countries , has focused on the axis of canceling the trip of putin .
1317- according to the political reporter of irna , during this ceremony after the playing of the official anthems of the two countries , the leaders of the islamic republic of iran and kazakhstan saw the parade of honor guard present in the square and the ritual of introducing the officials of the countries was carried out .
1318- the plan is that during the presence of the president of kazakhstan in iran , final negotiations pertaining to establishing the railroad of kazakhstan - turkmenistan and iran which is the most important north south corridor , be carried out .
1319- the establishment of a refinery in bandarneka for the gas of kazakhstan and also the establishment of several silos for wheat and the signature of several cultural and university collaboration agreements are the agenda of nazarbayef to iran .
1320- he pointing to the emphasis of mr putin about the serious resolution of moscow for the indefinite and total expansion of the relationship with tehran added : we also welcome the expansion of relation and see it as a benefit for countries and people .
1321- he , in expressing dissatisfaction with the current economic relations of the two countries , noted the expansion of these relations completing the interests of the two countries and noted : just the existence of an independent iran is in the interest of russia , the existence of an " able russia is also in the interest of iran .
1322- the leader of the islamic revolution pointing to the hospitality of the people of iran added : the image of the people of russia in our imagination an image is bright and good and this is because of the resistance and precautions that the people of russia have in various points showed of themselves .
1323- the leader of the islamic revolution in pointing to the continuation of the threats to the united states in all the years after the victory of the islamic revolution emphasized : the united states for attacking the people of iran did not stop at anything but its adventure seeking had the opposite result and these failures were placed before their eyes .
1324- the leader of the islamic revolution pointing to the ideas of gas opec and the good negotiations that the president of russia had in iran expressed hope : the results of these negotiations in the bright future of relations between the two countries will be useful and influential .
1325- the president of russia stipulated : the interests of the people of russia is embedded in the existence of a strong and influential iran in the international arena and moscow in regards to its collaborations with tehran has no restrictions and the present and future with fear in this path will move .
1326- he also added : russia for the issue of iran in regards to the nuclear issue has respect and considers the peaceful use of nuclear energy iran  s right in addition is opposed to any imposition against iran .
1327- the news agency of france in a report from tehran with the pen of stuart williams wrote that vladimir putin the president of russia today finally turned a blind eye to the possibility of the plans for his assassination in tehran and entered tehran to participate in the meeting of the heads of the countries on the margins of the caspian sea .
1328- this report , putin is supposed in addition to participating in the meeting of the countries of the margins of the caspian sea meet and talk with high - ranking iranian officials .
1329- this trip for the islamic republic amidst the conflicts over the nuclear program of iran have intensified is considered a big turning point .
1330- to the reports of associated press from tehran , vladimir putin the president of russia today in historic entered tehran and in this trip participate in the meeting of the leaders of the countries on the margin of the caspian sea and have a conversation about iran  s nuclear program .
1331- the visit of vladimir putin to iran which took place despite such warnings in reality shows brave and fearless and in reality is a sign of this issue that he is not under the influence of security officials and has the situation completely under control .
1332- this network likewise disseminated images of manuchehr mottaki , the minister of foreign affairs of iran , who received vladimir putin .
1333- cnn also repeated the rumors about the assassination of putin in tehran , but at the same time claimed that putin has announced in germany that will for certain travel to tehran .
1334- the news agency of reuters also with some delay only covered mahmoud ahmadinejad receiving vladimir putin in saad - abad palace .
1335- reuters placed images from ahmadinejad and putin who were taking part in watching the honor guard on its website .
1336- the network of aljazeera qatar announced the goal of putin  s trip to iran as dialogue about the nuclear issues .
1337- this network in a very light way considered his main goal meaning participation in the meeting of the neighbors of the caspian sea .
1338- government is duty bound to the membership of the president or the representative of the room of business and industries and cooperatives of iran in the councils of economic decision makers from the route of reforming the law or the relevant rules to grant official status .
1339- j - the judiciary branch is duty bound with the encouragement of the economic files to arbitration in the arbitration these types of files and likewise investigation in the issues of economics from the capabilities of expertise of the non - governmental sector , have materialized the ultimate use .
1340- the credits needed in each row , appropriate with the society of students in each organization and based on the budget of the whole of students , from the credits of the university madar will decrease and will be determined to the row established .
1341- instruction and research institutions linked to organizations of execution , after the ratification of the council of expanding high education of the noted ministry in the manner of the issue , will be included in this law .
1342- the entrance of vladimir putin , the president of russia to tehran however in its kind is counted an important event , but more important than that is scenario of zionist - americans that was designed for cancelling this trip .
1343- while immediately after the publication of this scenario tehran announced its quick and explicit positions and the kremlin also came to be aware of the depth of this conspiracy , but some of the channels of news continued to insist on the delay or not occurring of the trip of putin to tehran .
1344- but at the same time the spokesperson of the foreign ministry also during a clear speech , called the published reports about the conspiracy of assassinating putin the distribution of incorrect information by enemies who hope the relationship of russia and iran will darken .
1345- he after negotiating with angela merker the chancellor of germany in visbaden said : " it is evident that i visit iran .
1346- if i always listen to the words of the special services about threats and various suggestions i should never leave the country . "
1347- in any case now vladimir putin along with five of his counterparts from countries on the margins of the caspian sea are present in the meetings of tehran and experts in their first look will assess from two perspectives the publication of the scenario of his terror .
1348- this strengthening is the latest statement of the international atomic energy agency and the claims of mohammad albaradei was the seal of a confirmation on the fact that iran has in its plans peaceful nuclear no transgressions .
1349- in this regard it must be pointed to this issue that in this scenario the issue of eclipsing the meetings of the heads of the countries on the margins of the caspian sea that in their own kind will result in a big success for tehran is also hidden .
1350- it is on this basis that the french newspaper guardian wrote : the visit of putin to tehran is the key of the issue of russia before the nuclear case of iran .
1351- moscow a worthy help to the building of the first atomic reactor of iran .
1352- the second opinion about the spread of the zionist - american conspiracy about the assassination of putin in tehran while the debate of the parliamentary election and presidency is an issue , it can be used in the internal situation of russia .
1353- manmohan singh the prime minister of india during a news conference in new delhi said that he will continue his efforts for persuading the communist party towards supporting this agreement which according to a useful agreement for india and the world .
1354- but both sing and sonya gandhi the president of the party of the congress of india confirmed their priority is continuing the work of the ruling government and in no way they do not want to execute this agreement at any cost .
1355- although it causes disappointment this agreement it will not mean the end of everything .
1356- this evident change in the officials of india has strengthened this rumor more than before that the bilateral nuclear agreement will not be ready before the end of the period of the presidency of george bush for ratification in the congress of the united states .
1357- this party has threatened in case the government with the start of its negotiations with the international atomic energy agency in regards to the agreements of the parliament executes this agreement it will stop its support of the congress party .
1358- these threats last week at the same time as the entrance of mohammad al - baradei the general director of the international atomic energy agency to india and meetings with singh reached their apex .
1359- even ms gandhi had said last sunday those opposed to this agreement were the enemies of progress and development of india .
1360- according to the reports of the public relations of the bank expanding the exports of iran , dr kourosh parvizian the general director of this bank with announcing the above news said : the extension of the noted credibility with the goal of expanding the active presence of iranian exporters and strengthening collaborations of expansion and with the request of the iraqi counterpart has happened .
1361- the issue of inflation in iran is not related to the current year or recent months and is a difficult and old issue .
1362- the iranian economy has for a long time been in inflation standstill in order to make up for it production must be increased .
1363- unfortunately , the production of economy in iran is low that it is not responsive to the many needs of the people .
1364- the vulnerability of the economy of iran shows that our economy is affected with the stagnancy of an inflation which the rates of inflation and unemployment in it are high .
1365- the current situation is such that if we want with decreasing the cash to prevent the growth of inflation with the decrease of the volume of money , unemployment will intensify .
1366- always the quick route of controlling inflation is increasing the capability from
1367- of course this solution has faults including that the importing of merchandise cause the declining of the section of production in the country .
1368- from another side , in our country the resulting income must be spent on investments long term and foundations that generations future also benefit from it the use of these sources for importing consumer merchandise is not economical .
1369- the second more rational solution controlling inflation is adding production and establishing motivation for investors in the private sector for investing inside the country and by another expression , the government must make the environment for investment inside the country appropriate .
1370- the general director of the institution of islamic economy said : the institution is in the process of pursuing its own plan with the central bank and related organizations for establishing a bank of non - non - interest loans with the participation of the funds for non - interest loans , separate from the current bank of non - interest .
1371- abdullah farji in conversation with mehr said : the suggested plan by the institution of islamic economy with the participation of the funds of non - interest loans the establishment of a bank of non - interest loans has not yet concluded .
1372- he , in saying that we will pursue debate and suggestions suggested by the institution with the central bank and the rest of the related organizations , expressed hope that this suggestion reaches a conclusion as soon as possible .
1373- based on this report subscribers of , on the condition of having a sepehr account in the branch of the import bank with going to their branch and completing the related form without charge can benefit from the service under consideration .
1374- according the public relations of bank melli of iran , the activities of transferring payments as one of the services of the systems of self - pay of this bank between related accounts to one card and from the account related to one card to the related account with another card take place .
1375- iran checks of five million rials in all of the branches of bank melli of iran are produced and re - bought .
1376- according to the reports of the public relations of bank melli of iran , the banking system of the country with the aim of facilitating and speeding up in carrying out the current affairs of customers and attracting their satisfaction , the decrease of costs and the volume of work of the banking units , has decided to print iran checks of five million rials .
1377- based on this report , before this iran checks of two million rials had entered the national bank of the country .
1378- as such rice is counted as the most important source of food for half of the population of the word from the viewpoint of food security on the world level and also national after wheat , is considered the most important product .
1379- in total more than one million families in the entire country are busy with the work of growing rice that this number with counting the rural families , for a population of approximately five million is counted the most importance source of obtaining daily bread , employment and securing income .
1380- these statistics show that in addition to the importance of rice in the dimension of securing food , the growth of rice because creates opportunities for jobs and income production , is from an economic and social point of view very important and attention worthy .
1381- experts believe although in past years effective steps for supporting rice growers and also expanding the surface of the under - growth of rice were taken , but this section is overall faced with numerous obstacles and problems in the various stages of planting , growing , harvesting and supplying .
1382- experts consider the lack of development of the growth of mechanization , the non - homogeneity and the limitations of the agricultural lands , the economic problems of farmers , the limitations o credits and the expensiveness of machine parts among the existing problems in increasing the production of rice especially in the province of gilan .
1383- according to their with using substitute products , sides , and rice derivatives as well costs of production can be reduced and this act in the increase of the balance of the production of has a constructive role .
1384- the national congress of the communist party of china is carried out once every five years but if one third of the party organizations of provinces request an extraordinary meeting the national congress of the party can be carried out before the determined time .
1385- in the gathering of the fifth congress of the communist party of china , the mistakes of chen duxiu the general director the communist party of china came under critique but despite these critiques once again he was elected as the general director .
1386- in the sixth gathering of the political report called " the revolution of china and the communist party " was delivered and the new policy of the communist party of china was considered and in that a plan about the issue of soil and the issues of the movements of peasants and the issue of forming the government of the ussr was approved in the form of eighteen documents .
1387- in this meeting zhao ziyang was chosen as general director of the communist party of china and deng xiaoping remained in the position of the presidency of the central military commission .
1388- in the sixteenth meeting , jiang zemin provided a political report to congress in the sixteenth congress hu jingtao was elected as the general director of the central committee of the communist party of china and jiang zemin was approved as the president of the military commission .
1389- jiang zemin two years after the sixteenth congress of the communist party of china in the christian year $year officially withdrew from the position of the presidency of the central military commission of the communist party of china and currently the presidency of this commission is the responsibility of hu jingtao .
1390- according to the reports of irna from beirut , he tuesday during a speech in beirut about this added : the conference that the united states has called peace is in reality an attempt for war and another opportunity for israel for taking more points from arabs .
1391- fazollah noted the united states and the zionist regime are not ready to talk with the government of hamas or any other people  s government in palestine this implies ignoring the rights of the people of palestine and an attempt for increasing the internal disagreements of palestinians .
1392- this shia source in lebanon said even zionists themselves doubt the success of this conference and are hopeless and based on this the future stage in regards to the issue of palestine is dangerous .
1393- in this regard the conclusion of a poll that the zionist paper haaretz tuesday published shows israelis also do not believe in the success of the gathering that americans call the " peace " conference .
1394- based on this some of the arab countries who will be invited to be present in this meeting saudi arabia , egypt and jordan have announced until specific and acceptable work is not compiled will not participate in this gathering .
1395- he added : today the role of standards have expanded so much that without following them life and social movement would quickly stop .
1396- on the other hand jerusalem is the most honorable and the holiest place in the world and the city of lord the city of truth city of a holy nation and a holy city .
1397- and ancient holy such as " david 's grave and the cry wall are located there and even believe that the lord of israel resides in the mount of and " jerusalem is the center of judaism .
1398- this religious theory in line with the zionism movement , abandoned the idea of waiting for the savior christ and pledged to the views of zionism that believe that the jews themselves should strive for the settlement of israel in the land of palestine and not wait for christ .
1399- the mountain which means the sunny mountain or the dry , is a mountain that in the southeast of jerusalem and is known david 's mountain or david 's city .
1400- the names of this mountain and this site have been mentioned many times during the recent decades is because the new occupiers of palestine have derived their name from this mountain .
1401- but mostly , the mentioned mountain implies the southwest of the city , which except from the north is surrounded by deep valleys and suburban heights .
1402- from a geographical point of view the people who reside in the surroundings of this mountain are called zionists .
1403- max nowardo a zionist philosopher explained that the government of zionist is a country that will exist under the support of great britain and the jews will serve as protectors through the dangerous path which extends from the near , far and middle east to the indian frontiers .
1404- dr mahmoud ahmadinejad called putin 's visit to tehran a turning point in the ties of the two countries and explained : the expansion of cooperation between the two countries especially in the field of energy , ensures the political and economical interests of the islamic republic of iran and russia .
1405- the president of russia the need for signing the documents of expanding scientific and technological cooperation between the two countries added : moscow is determined to completing the bushehr nuclear power plant project and delivering fuel it and there has also been complete agreement in this regard in the talks between the iranian and russian delegations .
1406- in the escort ceremony of the president of russia in the cultural and historical complex of the garden the national anthems of two countries were played and the presidents of iran and russia parade guards .
1407- in this statement , the two parties emphasizing the bilateral cooperation in the peaceful atomic energy sector , reaffirmed that this type of cooperation in the future in line with their commitments treaty on non - proliferation of nuclear weapons .
1408- in this course they emphasized the construction and bringing into operation of the bushehr nuclear power plant in line with the mutually agreed timetable .
1409- in this regard , interest was expressed for further strengthening cooperation in the aircraft industry .
1410- the two sides also demanded the refusal of the presence of the non littoral states military .
1411- also the islamic republic of iran and the russian federation emphasized their commitment to reaching a fair comprehensive and stable solution for the middle east conflict .
1412- the russian federation and the islamic republic of iran support iraq 's territorial integrity and sovereignty and an end to the presence of foreign military in that country on the basis of a schedule .
1413- the presidents of need to settle iran 's nuclear program as soon as possible by political and diplomatic through talks and dialogues and expressed hope a long - term comprehensive solution .
1414- the visit , the russian federation president vladimir putin mahmoud ahmadinejad , president of the islamic republic of iran , hospitality warm invited him to visit russia .
1415- this invitation was received with gratitude and it was decided that it will be followed upon through diplomatic channels .
1416- nasrullah stated : the operations of freeing captives and swapping bodies between lebanon and the zionist regime started a few months ago and with the mediation of the united nations officials and each side is inclined to get complete information about its captives from the opposite side .
1417- according to him , the israeli side in addition to its two military captives who into captivity hizbullah in last year 's battle also asked for information about < ron arad > an assistant pilot of this regime .
1418- nasrullah expressed : the lebanoni side also demanded information about the lebanoni and non lebanoni captives including the four iranian diplomats and news reporters .
1419- in these conditions , prime minister of the zionistic regime undermining hopes for the reopening of routes for further swapping between israel and lebanon said that the two israeli soldiers under the captivity of lebanon  s hizbullah is unlikely .
1420- a lebenoni newspaper announced that the maronist christians the members of the lebanon government proponent and opposition parties have created a committee to reach an agreement on the nomination of the next president of this country .
1421- the representatives of these groups in their recent meeting with < nasrullah safir > the leader of lebanon  s maronist christians , announced their members  names to the maronist church for this purpose .
1422- the mentioned committee consists of four members from the two sides and will function secretly with support from the maronist church and under the supervision of one of the bishops .
1423- this committee is to work towards the qualities of the future president , nominations for presidency , pacifying the situation between the two christian sides , stopping attacks from the corresponding media and preventing all types of harsh behavior .
1424- this newspaper while pointing to the visit of the russian president to iran and his talks with iranian high ranked officials wrote wednesday : putin disagrees with washington regarding iran 's nuclear issue .
1425- this report reads : in spite of the american government official 's claims about iran 's efforts for producing nuclear weapons , russia 's president once again has emphasized that there are no expressive signals on the accuracy of these claims .
1426- according to china daily , russia that is helping iran the construction the first atomic power plant has resisted america 's pressures for further sanctions iran and has strongly opposed the use of force against tehran .
1427- this newspaper quoting alexander pekaev , an expert in the russian international relations and world economy agency also wrote : putin 's visit to tehran showed that russia will not surrender america 's demands and this country has complete independence in world affairs .
1428- reuter 's news agency in a report about tehran said : " vladimir putin russia 's president brushing off the treat of a entered tehran to hold talks with iran 's leaders .
1429- russia 's president tuesday made it clear to washington that russia will not accept military action against iran and he invited mahmoud ahmadinejad the president of iran for talks to moscow .
1430- reuters further : an american foreign ministry official regarding russia 's invitation of ahmadinejad angrily expressed " it is up to the russians to determine how they want to manage their bilateral relations with iran .
1431- the alsoora daily of syria described the visit of vladimir putin russia 's president to tehran " historical " and wrote : putin 's visit lays the ground for strengthening and reinforcing the moscow - tehran relations .
1432- due to this very reason some sides tried to impede his visit by spreading the rumor of a plot for " assassinating the russian president in tehran " .
1433- the general director of harmzgan islamic preaching pointing to the statements of the great leader regarding the need of establishing culture commanding good and prohibiting evil in society said : establishing commanding good and prohibiting evil in society is a necessity to combat evils and crookedness in society .
1434- he called the awareness raising of people in relation to the religious values together with careful planning by the cultural officials of the country necessary and said : this issue results in people 's strong ties with the social values and norms and moral acts .
1435- he expressed : one of these solutions lenience and not making the issues big so that people will not think that fulfilling some religious duties is difficult hence we should be lenient and increase people 's interest in the religious and moral issues .
1436- he said : developing moral acts brings us near an ideal society and that great city because the aim of all prophets of god and the historical reformers was extending moral acts in society and expanding them consequently a society is healthy which is ruled by great morals .
1437- the general director of harmazgan islamic preaching said : the statements of the great leader that mentioned the youths  moving towards spirituality gives hope and this step draws a line of invalidity on some people 's statements that say disappointing words about the youth .
1438- his eminence zandoi added : sometimes people say that since the revolution we have not had much progress in the religious issues and the religious culture in case the great leader  s statements portray this and if we look at society we can clearly see this desired situation .
1439- he continued : need the youth religious issues pay a price so that they take responsibility and consider themselves responsible and not only determine their duty , we should give them personality , because giving personality results in abstinence from most abnormalities of society .
1440- he , in particular talked about recognizing the enemies too : we should recognize the enemy 's plots and plans because in this cultural attack the enemy has come to the battleground with careful planning and the europeans themselves have proposed that we should establish a cultural nato .
1441- aljazeera reported a considerable number of turkish troops along the borders of this country iraq has gathered and waiting ankara 's order to attack the iraqi land and chase the militant group .
1442- they are .
1443- due to this situation along the iraq border is reported completely critical and it seems turkey 's military attack on kurdistan of iraq is inevitable .
1444- it is important to mention that turkey  s parliament will conduct a poll today or tomorrow about the government 's proposal for an attack , and considering the governing atmosphere of the parliament and cabinet , the agreement of the government and parliament turkey seems certain .
1445- the turkish military during the past few days mortared the kurdish villages along the border and inside iraq and are waiting for a final approval of attacks from ankara .
1446- on the other hand nancy palosy , the democratic head of the us house of representatives has reaffirmed the approval of the resolution officially recognizes the massacre in the territories .
1447- this resolution that in a us parliament commission recognizes the massacre of hundreds of thousands of armenians since the othman government in .
1448- turkey deems this plan unacceptable and has recalled its ambassador from washington it is also possible this country suspends its logistic support the us military operations in iraq .
1449- the military warning has been given after the recall of the turkish ambassador from washington and the cancellation of the trip of this country 's naval force commander and the minister of foreign trade to the us in an objection to the resolution of the foreign relations committee of the us house of representatives .
1450- general buyukanit in this regard told the newspaper : the recent measure of the us house of representatives ' foreign relations committee is very regrettable and this action of the us is similar to shooting in its foot .
1451- if this resolution is approved by the general assembly of the us house of representatives , the extensive military relations of turkey with the us will be severely damaged .
1452- because we can no more justify this situation for the public opinion of turkey .
1453- the milliyet newspaper quoting general buyukanit wrote : i have conveyed this concern to general peter both in a letter and through a telephonic conversation .
1454- on the other hand , despite the us warnings , turkey 's artillery attacks against iraq 's kurdish villages still continue .
1455- these attacks have not resulted in any casualties .
1456- eye witnesses in the region also testified that turkey 's artillery has set fire to jodi , kopalee , kato , ghabar and nazdoor villages in dhok province of iraq the causalities and possible damages from this attack have not been reported .
1457- a european high ranked official said : a delegation of european union is necessary measures for managing the affairs of kosovo after the completion of the work of the united nations ' civilian delegation in this independence seeking province of southern serbia .
1458- during this period the belgrade government has no authority over its southern province .
1459- it is also said that this danish politician warned a widespread confusion in kosovo if the sensitive and intricate problem of this region is not solved by europe .
1460- he called upon the officials of the international community especially european union complete vigilance to find an appropriate solution for kosovo 's problem .
1461- in this very respect the foreign ministers of the european union in a meeting in brussels european union 's delegation in kosovo for managing this province within the framework of security council  s new have reached an implied agreement .
1462- following the informational and operational activities of the unknown soldiers of imam zaman ( aj ) in khuzestan province general directorate of information an active member of the terrorist and separatist group and the members involved in the intentional assassination of the martyr mehdi bayat in the city of hamdia were arrested .
1463- according to mehr news agency , the public relations of the ministry of information announced : the arrested person is a member of the terrorist group and among the activists and tribal revolts in the province .
1464- the martyr mehdi bayat was martyred by the separatist group 's members in shahrivar of the current year .
1465- he emphasized the government  s decision for fighting the economical evils and continued : in a meeting attended by the president and the officials of the court it was decided that the minister of justice should follow upon the establishment of economics police .
1466- in addition the commander of the disciplinary force informed of an intense encounter with three crimes drug retailing , the distribution of lurid cds and causing disputes and fights in public next week .
1467- he called the news of insecurity during the visit of russia 's president rumors made up by foreign agents and added : no problem arose and no one was arrested .
1468- he noted : this consignment includes a set of ancient iranian items and european artistic works and items of the eastern art during the rule of buda which were home appliances submitted to the custom to be sent to america .
1469- this report indicates that majid amini the head of agricultural activities at sharafkhana port related the reason of this fact to favorable climate and the agricultural irrigation and said : these trees will not have much fruit next year .
1470- sarhang husseini said : muhammad too admitted obtaining these traveler  s checks from a person in kermanshah .
1471- the thief was arrested on complain of his sister named fahima and he confessed to his accusation .
1472- the escaping forgers ' vehicle was stopped in seeb abandan joybar area and the accused were arrested .
1473- these drugs were hidden in a passenger vehicle .
1474- the morphine was hidden skillfully in a passenger pride vehicle .
1475- the consignment loaded the border of afghanistan and was being transferred to tehran .
1476- the discovered items belonged to one of the smugglers in afghanistan .
1477- according to him internal competitions besides pistachio have caused california unprecedently decrease its price .
1478- he explained : if within one or two weeks these facilities into the market , considering the fact that product is less than previous prediction , the price will remain stable and the price fall will stop .
1479- karimipur also about the pistachio support package that is provided by the trade development organization the trade development organization is trying to reduce the volume of export rewards and further alert the government 's support of exports .
1480- this package focuses more on the hygienic issues of pistachio exports in addition to the alflatoksin difficulty that has seized our industry union will soon start controlling the remaining simoom .
1481- one of the plans of this package is the assessment of the current condition of iran 's pistachio from the perspective of the remaining simoom so that we the necessary information we are not surprised as in the case of alflatoksin .
1482- karimipur said : the support package has been approved by the hygiene and working pistachio supreme and we hope it is implemented soon .
1483- another part of the package supports the exporters who export good quality and healthy pistachio .
1484- this part is designed within the support framework of green lobby and blue lobby .
1485- due to this very reason the establishment of international iranian schools and paying attention to farsi language and literature for protecting their national identity will protect and further strengthen the relations of this group of society with the inside of the country in the future .
1486- people 's migration from their motherlands to other countries continuously causes a kind of cultural need the lack of attention to these issues can create a gap for these immigrants  next generations .
1487- in case of the lack of attention to these issues and the creation of cultural problems , this issue results in a type of self alienation and the loss of interest in country and sense of patriotism .
1488- based on the existing evidence most iranians residing in foreign countries despite living in another country have maintained their heartfelt and sentimental tie with their country and always been ready to serve their country .
1489- despite many efforts of the embassies , consulates and other governmental structures abroad especially in the united arab emirates problems of country fellows still remain unsolved .
1490- it seems that for the resolution of some of these problems new laws and regulations are needed and on some occasions immediate decision making by the relevant organizations can reduce the problems of iranians abroad .
1491- until now iranians problems were conveyed to the country 's authorities through formal structures but this time so these problems are assessed by their representatives and directly conveyed to the country 's authorities .
1492- at the same time the supreme council of iranians abroad which is headed by the president has the ability to solve the problems of country fellows abroad with proper planning .
1493- in addition to the president assistant , some officials of the foreign affairs ministry , the service organization and other structures of will participate in the meeting with the aim of becoming more acquainted with the issues and problems of iranians residing in emirates and responding to their questions .
1494- he : it was during these inquiries that they confessed to robbing one of babulsar  s banks and claimed that they have stolen money and other discovered items in their vehicle from this bank .
1495- they told the officers : a few hours ago we went to a branch of babulsar  s banks to cash a check , but the bank employees said they have closed the accounts and they can no more cash our check .
1496- after a few minutes when the bank employees were leaving the bank one after the other we noticed that they are transferring a big number of traveler 's checks to the safe .
1497- we took advantage of the carelessness of the bank employee and stole a big number of traveler 's check and hid in the same place again .
1498- he also added : russia respects iran 's position nuclear issue and it recognizes the peaceful use of nuclear energy iran  s right ; in the meantime it is against any kind of force against iran .
1499- also in the joint speech of putin and ahmadinejad , the presidents of the republics of russia and iran that was published after tehran  s meeting , it was emphasized that moscow determined to complete bushehr nuclear power plant based on the planned schedule " it is agreed by both sides .
1500- earlier at the start of this meeting putin had said : " it is essential for us to reach an agreement that the use of the soil of any of the caspian sea  s littoral states ( by a third country ) for attacking another country of this region is impossible .
1501- these circles in the beginning tried to dissuade the president of russia from visiting iran through provoking self made rumors of " possibility of putin 's assassination in tehran .
1502- but the presence of putin in tehran and his widespread consultations with the senior officials of the islamic republic on one hand completely offset this political and media propaganda and on the other hand considering the discussions of the meeting added much to their importance .
1503- besides the creation of unilateral foreign media , regarding the visit of the president of russia most of them inevitably admitted that this visit has reduced chance of strict sanctions against iran .
1504- in this course , " deutsche welle " ( voice of germany ) explained :
1505- holding caspian littoral and especially the little presence the president of russia in tehran from the perspective of the islamic republic at least had the benefit of telling to the local and foreign opinions nuclear challenges and international sanctions have not been able to seclude iran .
1506- this line reads : the sides emphasize that under no circumstances the countries will allow that their territories be used for attack and other military operations against any of .
1507- this trip takes place in conditions when russia  s disagreements and objecting perspectives with europe and america is clearer than the past .
1508- this is the same aim which during the last decade the russian leaders tried free themselves from westerners constrains and restrictions and pursue its national benefits against america .
1509- putin 's emphases on the non - political reasons of russia  s delays in completing this power plant and his statements about the use of bushehr power plant in the specific time in this course are to be considered .
1510- laili feeli added : the school is a second home to students ' and teachers their children in resolving different learning and training issues by being present at schools .
1511- the expert head of parent teacher association of aylam province education and training organization in this regard said : by visiting the school the students ' parents in fact supervise the schools ' work and the schoolteachers can benefit from parents  expertise .
1512- muhammad nabi rahmati added : " since yesterday and simultaneous with the start of the parent teacher connection week the registration for the establishment of these associations in the schools throughout this province has started .
1513- germany has now substituted its position iran one trade partner in the previous decade with the republic of china and the united arab emirates as the mediating country for china 's exchanges has succeeded in becoming the first trade partner .
1514- the lack of a trade balance between iran and germany and the existing problems are considered among the most important serious obstacles against the expansion of economic ties of the two countries by the trade development organization 's experts .
1515- the signing of memorandum of understanding , the agreement for encouraging and supporting foreign investment , signing the statement of custom cooperation and signing the cooperation agreement in the field of housing are considered among the most important exchanged documents between iran and germany .
1516- of course the lack of enough knowledge of great britain 's markets and the lack of information about iran 's relative and competitive advantages in this country 's market has caused our country 's exports to great britain to be the same traditional exports and to have no growth .
1517- according to the existing statistics and numbers , hand knitted carpet , molybdenum stone , semi finished iron products , molybdenum oxide , dates , methanol , dried grapes , copper cathode , iron , leather and hide form iran  s most important export items to great britain .
1518- the parties acknowledge that environmental situation of the caspian sea and reserves of sturgeon fishes in this sea require the extending of immediate mutual efforts to prevent undesirable bioenvironmental consequences .
1519- in this relation , the parties will continue to create prioritized legal - contractual basis necessary for the regional cooperation to protect the environment based on the convention of the legal regime of caspian sea .
1520- the parties shall extend efforts to build and reinforce mutual confidence , regional security , stability and also to refrain from employing military force in mutual relations .
1521- the parties also believe that terrorism cannot and should not be linked to any religion , nation , civilization or ethnic group .
1522- as reported by the german state radio , if we believe the statements of the foreign ministers of european union while entering the conference building of this union in luxemburg , there would be no more obstacle on the way to approve the basic document of the european union .
1523- " john aslivern the foreign minister of luxemburg said that only small problems have remained and we should step one millimeter closer to the stances of poland .
1524- in this case everything will be all right .
1525- frank walter stein mayer the foreign minister of germany also talked about similar small steps and added : " in my opinion many since beginning of the year so far , millimeters .
1526- i  m happy for this and am confidence that in this week during the states  conference we will reach to an agreement .
1527- how far we will move today should wait and see .
1528- in any case all are optimistic .
1529- the periodical head of the leadership board of european union from portugal , in the past two weeks right in this troublesome search for reaching to a compromise managed to achieve a suitable legal formulation in the basic document .
1530- of course poland still insists on a special clause according to which few countries can oppose the decision of the majority in short interval .
1531- ana futiga minister of foreign affairs of poland who usually had harsh attitude was gentle this time and didn  t put forward new demands .
1532- she said : " we never had any unreasonable demand .
1533- of course we still have a big problem and that is this clause .
1534- we should wait and see what happens .
1535- austria , bulgaria and italy also have special demands that are of course among the small problems .
1536- austria wants to make difficult german students to enter its universities .
1537- bulgaria wants that euro is inserted into the contract in bulgarian writing and italy is unsatisfied with distribution of the european parliament seats .
1538- nevertheless , louis amado the foreign minister of portugal expressed confidence that the leaders of the governments and states of the european union , on thursday and friday meetings of the leaders of this union , will have the basic document for approval in front of them .
1539- according to him , unlike the leaders  meeting in the month of june in brussels , there will be no need additional dramatic meetings for satisfying all countries and more than all poland .
1540- the basic document of the european union that is supposed to facilitate the working procedure and decision process of this union , should be approved up until the election of european parliament in $year by all countries in the european union .
1541- this document replaced the constitution of the european union which the people in france and poland in a referendum in these two countries , with their negative response made it a failure .
1542- he reminded : in this round of registration , credit sim cards have been positively welcomed and bearing in mind that the price of these sim cards on the market is more than their governmental price , the amount of registration has also been increased .
1543- he about the situation of charging the credit sim cards in the market said : at present the shortage of charged cards in the market has been resolved and these cards have been distributed enough among offices .
1544- based on this decision which has been served by the first deputy president to the related organizations , the credit of each city will be put at the disposal of related province so that after exchanging the agreement with executive organizations can be expended in accordance with laws and regulations .
1545- zargar continued : the existence of such statistics indicates occurrence of preventable accidents that unfortunately does not get much attention .
1546- also in this workshop , the representative of unisef in iran named the change in the behavior of the individuals society as the only vaccine for reduction of traffic accidents and stated : we should be after new methods for changing behavior in the traffic culture .
1547- in an inclusive inauguration ceremony that due to the presence of ahmadinejad was accompanied by security measures and of course profited from a special attraction , a group of military police staged an interesting performance of military ceremonials .
1548- then the president while referring to the importance of the religious - political organization in the army and the necessity of being religious for this powerful body in the islamic republic system , emphasized the magnificence and authority of the army can stabilize fear and horror in the hearts of the enemies of this most glorious nation more than ever .
1549- the next speaker of the first day of this conference was the commander - in - chief of the army .
1550- the minister of culture also appreciated the endless efforts of the organization in expanding religious concepts and values throughout the army and consequently all over the country and called the existence of such bodies in the country among the blessings of iran  s islamic revolution .
1551- by stating in the presence of you friends talking about religion is like teaching a lesson by a student before teacher preferred to point out some of the most important issues of the country and of course the parliament .
1552- he said the event of the second of khordad was a shock that rocked the country it was necessary .
1553- a bad incident was about to happen in the country the son doesn 't understand or refuse to accept father  s point of view .
1554- he described that period as the gear box of a vehicle and said the gears were all rotating but they were not involved with each other .
1555- in other words the father was saying his own words and the son also words of his own .
1556- the afternoon program of the second day also same as the first day after having lunch and performance of the prayers and a little rest started by the speech of another invited official and this time hojatoleslam pourmohamadi , the minister of interior addressed the audience .
1557- this officer in charge while demanding an increase in this amount said : by injecting more credit into the plan for creation of fast yielding economic and job creating businesses in addition to job creation we will witness extensive improvements in the roads ' network of this province .
1558- he also welcomed the statements the oil minister regarding the establishment of oil industry bank by the retirement organization of the national oil company for solving the investment related problems in this industry and considered this measure a positive move .
1559- with the construction of these two rigs inside the technology of constructing marine rigs which has been at present created in the country will be expanded and the technical engineering capability of the country in this field will be increased .
1560- according to him the construction of the rigs and supplying the necessary technologies will be done by marine installations manufacturing company and its application and exploiting by national drilling company and financing by pars oil and gas company .
1561- schools throughout the country sign financial contracts with these companies ( such as coca cola ) so vending machines in schools with goal removing water fountains from school .
1562- ali abdullah saleh said " the fatah movement under the leadership of mahmood abbas has made implementing yemen 's creative suggestion conditional to the end of hamas military control in the gaza strip .
1563- yemen 's president reminded his contact and talks with fatah and hamas movement high officials continues with the aim of terminating the current crisis in the palestinian territories and the problems that the palestinian people are facing .
1564- local officials express concern over the possible atomic leakage of atomic installation demona located south of the city of beair al sabe this issue dangerous consequences for the local residents .
1565- knowledgeable sources have revealed egypt and jordan have informed tel aviv of their concerns regarding negative consequences of these dangers on life and health of places close to the installations .
1566- cairo and amman emphasized that international nuclear agency inspectors should visit israel 's nuclear and despite denial of to join israel in non - proliferation treaty of nuclear weapons ( npt ) , this regime to comply the regulations of this agency .
1567- he said " dr. sobuti has always emphasized the abilities and potential of iranian youth and believes that if the resources are provided
1568- they can use them he regarded almost all of his achievements as the result of partnership and activities with the youngsters that he could gather around himself and to show their talents
1569- this characteristic is seen in dr. sobuti and his footprints on iran 's higher education always and i congratulate him .
1570- according to fars adopted from reuters they unveiled vast aspects of the plan which agreed upon with week for answering the questions of this entity .
1571- the other goal is regular and effective access nuclear inspectors to the natanz nuclear site where iran intends to produce enriched uranium at an industrial level .
1572- a diplomat said " iran 's faster and vaster actions to prevent the western powers losing patience and put pressure more sanctions .
1573- but iran is in favor of solving the problems .
1574- according to some analysts , the president of france with the united states reaction iran 's nuclear programs weakens the diplomatic european consensus against iran 's nuclear program might backfire
1575- according to mehr press , in an analysis the asia times website wrote " while the president of france is in a clear opposition to npt by modernizing nuclear weapons of his country paris ' request iran to stop nuclear program is a rare .
1576- continues " with the trip last week of bernard kushner , french secretary of state to baghdad , sarkozy is now at the threshold of leading the european movement against iran .
1577- iran which is continuing a nuclear program with no regard to united nations sanctions .
1578- however sarkozy and politicians around him might move against the course which started in march $year .
1579- on that date jacques chirac met with hassan rohani iran 's previous negotiator for nuclear issues and clearly supported the idea of a limited enrichment program for iran .
1580- it has to be noted in last thursday night 's published report , it was claimed that nouri al-maliki 's government would less stability in months and iraqi forces would not be able to do anything without army support .
1581- in his weekly speech , george bush expressed his lack of interest to reduce american soldiers in iraq declared : the new incursion operations of coalition forces in this country is in preliminary stages .
1582- according to cited from france press the united states president 's statement in his weekly speech was made after john warner , the american republican senator the united states senate committee armed submitted a request for reducing american forces in iraq .
1583- bush reasoned that since january american forces have killed or arrested more than one thousand five hundred al - qaeda and other insurgents in iraq .
1584- bush stated has increase interest of iraq 's youth to serve in the military and also police are patrolling the streets .
1585- how much of this fast growth is temporary can not yet be judged .
1586- but the trend of economic growth germany is the example of good events which happened in the european union in recent days .
1587- the issue is not only an intelligence strategy or an ingenious pay agreement policy .
1588- the key to reviving germany 's vast economy is european union intensifying competition in two arenas .
1589- the competition between companies to the market and the competition arena among the union countries to set the best policies for creating jobs and increasing production .
1590- after propagation the european union in $year , this union is not a warm and intimate ring for a hand - picked bunch of western european powers anymore .
1591- this idea of relocating caused some objections among toffi 's supporters at the time of the announcement .
1592- some of the chain stores in england are the financial supporters building new stadium of orton leaders .
1593- he went to bond seliga from olympic leon .
1594- of course oven hargivz left alliance arena for old traford for the same amount .
1595- he added i am happy that we could leave the field with victory .
1596- the second success in the beginning of league competitions is very motivating for the team and players so would appear better and more successful in future matches .
1597- after persepolis pegah gilan by two to zero afshin ghotbi said " played a good game with pegah gilan two goals we could have scored more goals .
1598- my goal as a head coach in all persepolis matches is just results and i won't care much about the quality of the game .
1599- he added " the result and obtaining three points are the only things that every soccer team is after .
1600- by emphasizing this goal we were able to gain six points in the last two games .
1601- thank god persepolis well and we surely can keep up this trend in future matches .
1602- the president added : it is my true belief that for every task we need a dynamic and creative mind and pure thoughts of youth and the incorrect notion that a high rate of youth in a country prevents development is not ours .
1603- khaksar said : this year also the matches of ziyafat noor will take place in all the fields and different age categories .
1604- the head of health department of andimeshk said " this amount collected from andimeshk residents and was deposited to the account of gaining public participation province .
1605- our reporter reports , before the passage of the amendment to the employment law ( twenty - second of tir of this year ) the employees who became retired for any reason if were owed promotion by the government , would become retired with promotion .
1606- the tv technicians turned out to be thieves and they injured the maid 's husband in dr. tahmasebi 's residence by firing bullets and they fled .
1607- these incidences have frequently happened and workers ( with no id ) or a television technician and so on robbers and tricksters have gone into houses and committed robbery .
1608- the police of tehran warns the families to the maids when maids not be cheated by such tricksters and let them enter the houses .
1609- vibrio cholera is the agent of cholera sickness .
1610- for example it is not possible to hope for an end to the arab - israeli dispute while syria is being ignored .
1611- to think about the balance of power in the middle east while the iranian nuclear dispute is current impasse .
1612- america must a regional strategy that is in a real sense comprehensive in order to put in place its agenda in the middle east , not that with the denial of iran  s position and intensification of sanctions , expect tehran to assist us in lebanon ,
1613- america must accept it cannot achieve its goals in the middle east by military means .
1614- the changes after the first ( persian ) gulf war reminded us of the point that if it is intended to defend interests in the middle east strategies beyond military operations in this region must on the agenda .
1615- i do not mean that coalition troops must be withdrawn from iraq immediately but within a sustainable framework that may take one year .
1616- i also believe withdrawal of troops must be accompanied by diplomatic negotiations between iraqi officials and that country  s neighbors so that they also become aware of the importance of bringing about this change with political stability in the region .
1617- the key to the deliverance of the next president and in general the united states from this predicament is strong regional diplomacy and a commitment at a particular point in time so that by those means move from the circumstances of a military presence in the middle east to a post - military period .
1618- without hesitation if this violence and unrest was in the scandinavian region civil war could be the only interpretation of any observer but the history of the middle east means we must not imagine the current circumstances equivalent to civil war .
1619- but just as i have indicated everything is possible and with the continuation of this trend to imagine civil war could also commence in iraq .
1620- on the basis of this report , the principal cause for the growth of the value of the stock market during mehr was the increase in the value of the shares of big companies like mobarakeh steel and national copper which with regard to the increasing world prices for metal products met with the favor of the market and an increase in the rate of shares .
1621- in addition to growth in market price variables and trading for stock market indices first month fall was also accompanied by the recording of a rise in numbers and figures .
1622- foreign service  reporters : the iraqi delegation negotiating with turkey announced in a statement its conditional agreement with military activities against turkish kurdish workers party positions in the highlands of northern iraq .
1623- issuing a statement containing the iraqi proposals to turkey a copy of which was published in baghdad , this delegation announced iraq has agreed to the formation of a technical and operational committee with the purpose of pursuing and coordinating turkish military activities .
1624- on the basis of this statement , the iraqi delegation has proposed the headquarters of this committee in the kurdistan region .
1625- this statement has added that iraq has agreed to bring about coordination between this committee and trilateral iraqi , turkish and american committee at the military level in order to bring about a solution to and control of the activity of the turkish kurdish workers party and to dry up its financial resources .
1626- on the other hand in this statement it was made clear that the iraqi side suggested that multinational forces should take responsibility for supervising and gathering intelligence on the joint iraqi - turkish borders .
1627- the renovation , coordination , equipping and renewal of joint border posts between iraq and turkey and their strengthening and the closing of all illegal offices ( parties and groups ) and the activation of the trilateral committee are among other iraqi proposals to the turks .
1628- on the other hand , the high level iraqi delegation under the chairmanship of shirvan wa  ili that country  s national minister of defense , yesterday left ankara after negotiations with turkish officials which did not reach the anticipated result .
1629- the information media base homeland union wrote the turkish kurdistan workers party " .
1630- with reference to reports received from reliable sources this internet site announced " p .
1631- contrary to claims by iraqi officials who have emphasized america has detailed information regarding the kurdish workers party general benjamin mixon , added : reliable information concerning locations and centers of activity of the " p party
1632- syrian deputy president emphasized : one of the most important results of the recent trip bashar asad , the president of syria to turkey is both countries emphasis on the unity of iraq and support for the principle of opposition to partition of territory or the break - up of that country .
1633- farouq al shara  added : the development of relations between syria and turkey in the service of the two neighboring country  s interests , the strengthening of cooperation and the consolidation of peace in the region face of a mood of dominance , belligerence , aggression and occupation which intends to bring the countries of the region to their knees .
1634- al - arabiyya said on this subject that turkish soldiers have been deployed in the mountainous dahuk regions .
1635- this is in circumstances where the regional government of iraqi kurdistan has also announced that it will defend its frontiers against turkish attacks .
1636- the chief of the joint staff of turkish army announced : the extended military attack by turkey on northern iraq is being postponed until after the visit of erdogan to washington next month ( november ) .
1637- other news , the turkish prime minister criticized member countries of the european union for not returning kurdish rebels to turkey and pointed out : these countries have not hitherto supported turkey  s struggle with the kurdish rebels .
1638- in the light of these communal measures and by compilation of eco 's perspective bill of $year , the necessary requirements for implementation of joint projects in particular in the prioritized sectors of the eco cooperation including commerce , transportation and energy have been made available .
1639- also eco  s strategies and long - term cooperation plans in the fields of communications , environment , industry , agriculture , development of human forces and encountering sources of insecurity and crimes related to the smuggling of narcotics are also compiled and finalized .
1640- it is obvious that the strengthening of intraregional cooperation will surely be accompanied by positive results and effects in the arena of political relations and will provide the grounds for constructive interaction with effective poles of the world  s economy and as a result more development and welfare will be the outcome .
1641- there are some preparations needed to be made besides other governmental ministries we should have pursuing perspective bill so that we will be able to attain goals as expected .
1642- ghadimi one of other people attending this meeting referred to the necessity of preparing up - to - date information and statistics of the state  s economic capabilities and regarded the lack of these statistics as the craftsmen  problems .
1643- referring to the importance of holding disciplined monthly meetings of craftsmen with the minister of labor and social affairs forutan one of the other craftsmen attending the meeting of the industry house regarded the systematization of these meetings as important .
1644- alishiri " in the presented statistics by anctad on the foreign investment in the state , a large size of the foreign investment made in the fields of petroleum and gas is not calculated .
1645- he stressed " increasing institutional capacities is the second measure that can be taken .
1646- this official in charge added " the compiling and defining of new policies in the field of foreign investment is from other measures that should be adopted and this has started nearly one month ago .
1647- on this basis the system  s priorities for attracting foreign investment in different fields including petroleum , gas , primary industries , services and construction will be announced .
1648- he " through amending some regulations and rules , revising the by - laws of attracting foreign investors in the stock market and determining the priorities of the foreign investment sector we expect in the future not so much far the rate of attracting rise .
1649- he stated " considering the events occurred in the country  s economic realm and measures which are being adopted in the foreign investment organization i promise that a great transformation will occur iran  s economic realm .
1650- india 's position in the last phase , actually changed the name that had become famous as the peace pipeline project in mid way .
1651- by india 's not attending the seventh round of talks on iran 's gas exports in this country the name of this project changed to incomplete peace pipeline .
1652- pakistan 's representatives in the recent talks in tehran despite some of india 's positions in the published letter which was also announced clearly by the head of the indian delegation in the previous round of talks in tehran did not consider the issue of transit fee a main obstacle in implementing gas exports .
1653- the head of the indian delegation in the previous round of talks in tehran had announced that india will not announce its opinion about the exported gas price formula until transit fee pakistan 's soil is specified .
1654- this issue was repeated in a similar form in a letter that is said to be written by india 's ministry of oil and published in one of the publications of this country on the threshold of talks in tehran .
1655- mukhtar ahmed advisor to pakistan prime minister on energy affairs in response to the question of what india 's real problem is emphasized that the internal problems have resulted in this position of india and the issue of talks about gas transit up to this scale is not effective in the process of negotiations .
1656- he this problem will be solved in bilateral negotiations and he does not see any obstacle in this regard .
1657- he regarded india 's emphasis on the importance of this matter an issue that the indian sources have announced and they should be asked why they disagree with him .
1658- dr hadi ghanimi fard pointing to the request of india 's ministry of oil for more time to solve to the presence of this country in this project emphasized the need for solving the issue of gas transit on pakistan 's soil .
1659- farooq qayum also informed about the program of liquid gas imports from other countries and said that different plans are being implemented to fulfill pakistan 's energy need .
1660- he informed of the persian lng company 's proposal for selling liquid gas to this country and said : we are in the process of talks so that we will fulfill our needs from this .
1661- he also talked about the possibility of replacing any markets where iran can sell gas with suitable price and opportunity and refused china 's presence in gas exports pipeline pakistan due to using the method of gas .
1662- by signing this contract , based on the agreement the gas should be supplied until $year through the gas pipeline to pakistan .
1663- one of the very important incidents in the recent talks between iran and pakistan that resulted in an agreement and was included in the draft contract , was the issue of issuing iran 's gas authorization through pakistan 's soil to india .
1664- pakistan too considering its need of securing energy needs into an agreement with iran to fulfill its need .
1665- he said : the sides based on the current requirements and international have prepared the text of the agreement and ensuring the benefits of the sides requires that the agreement be written based on a law the validity of which all economic activists and the sides .
1666- based on the accepted international frameworks results in a contract that will be acceptable to all .
1667- thus it seems despite india leaving iran 's exports talks , there is still an opportunity for this country to join the project .
1668- the minister of labor stated : most of the production sectors have mistaken in if and there is no demand for them , it will be useless and we should focus on exports .
1669- he said : the fundamental problem in the country 's exports is the lack of sound management and hence we have to start clusters of and with planning , campaigns and marketing manage the expansion of non - oil exports .
1670- jahromi informed : is being compiled for starting industrial clusters and we hope with its approval we will set monetary , financial and economical policies for expanding exports .
1671- according to fars , ghulam reza haidari kurd zangana in the meeting of the private sector 's economic activists in tabrez chamber of trade said : the thought that prevails in the government , because of the oil incomes is the thought of the fee due to this very reason the country 's administrative system is always in the pursuit of spending .
1672- kurd zangana the chapter titles of investment guide an explanation of the steps for undertaking production works and the necessary documents for working in these sectors and said : also a committee is being formed to pursue the investment steps and address investors  problems in this process .
1673- the head of the privatization organization expressed : despite criticisms us we did not increase the prices and an effort was made for the auctions too the pricing , expertise and marketing should take place in a manner that so that the private sector trusts it .
1674- olmert on tuesday will also visit gordon brown , the prime minister , david milibond , the foreign affairs minister and david kamroon , the leader of england 's conservative party in london .
1675- france and england which are permanent members of the security council are striving to increase sanctions against iran .
1676- the head of hamadan trade organization informed about the provision of work preliminaries for activating and starting the second commercial office of iran in one of the persian gulf littoral countries in the near future for offering the products of hamadan province .
1677- he mentioned dubai and iraq the forecasted regions for this and said : in the near future one of this countries will be introduced as the site for activating the office .
1678- mardasi stated : hamadan province has a word in the carpet exports and in the exports of earthenware and ceramics as well as raisons despite the fact that it consists of a low figure but most of the volume belongs to the produce of hamadan province .
1679- the head of hamadan trade organization , in the meantime , referred to exports a cultural burden and said : under the present circumstances expanding exports for reducing unemployment , jobs and improving the country 's security among other countries of the region has importance .
1680- mardasi called the merchants and traders the country 's ambassadors in the world as well as the trade arena and added : their operation include our nation 's identity in the foreign countries .
1681- for years we were trapped in the theoretical debates of privatization and we expressed our opinions about their needs but now we see that among all political edges of the country , a consensus about privatization .
1682- considering the fact that the time of theoretical debates on privatization , the present question what effect the acceleration of privatization has on the process of iran 's admission to the world trade organization .
1683- the issue is that although there are no special requirements for the privatization of institutes in the regulations of the world trade organization , we all know that the private institutes are in better conditions for adopting the world trade organization 's laws and regulations .
1684- we should not forget that changing the uncompetitive economical atmosphere of the country to a competitive economy will result in efficiency of institutes and an increase in the word investment motive for presence in a strong competitive economy .
1685- in fact , the relationship of trade and investment is bilateral and for presence in the export markets we should use their assets and this issue is effective in our export mutation too .
1686- in reality besides the economical issues the political issues also have importance .
1687- iran 's economy whether due to the needs that it systematically faces or due to the effective steps that the process of economical reform has taken , has a good status with regards to having the required conditions for joining the world trade organization .
1688- not ignore the reality ; before this , iran had taken very high steps before beginning talks .
1689- if you look at the status of our commercial regime in the present , you will notice that iran 's economy is changing .
1690- if you had taken a look " iran 's exports and imports regulations some years ago , you would have seen a column before every good which made you relent importing goods .
1691- in those years the importer had to pass different stages and contact several organizations to obtain an imports license .
1692- in those years we were severely faced with different tariff and non tariff limitations .
1693- presently this system has changed and has progressed towards a tariff based system .
1694- this was a very important measure .
1695- iran from conditions which the rate of exchange was and proportionate to the type of goods the exchange had a different price .
1696- in fact a non predictable economy ruled over iran which made planning for the local and foreign managers difficult .
1697- we have been positioned on the route of economical transparency with a reforming and advancing movement through implementing a one rate foreign exchange system , which was an important and fundamental desire of iran 's trade parties world trade organization in talks .
1698- instances such as tariff rate were acceptable to our country 's economy in the previous years .
1699- it should be emphasized again that iran 's economy conforming to securing its benefits has taken good steps towards being in accordance with the world trade regulations .
1700- the other point is that the thing that can bring an investigator close to a positive assessment of iran 's economy is structural fitness .
1701- iran 's economy considering the relatively significant level of the managers ' specialization in working with the world markets and their fitness and ability for transacting with rest of the countries , is in an appropriate situation .
1702- in the meantime the recent privatization order can also place our economy in a more appropriate position than the one .
1703- unfortunately in the general culture of iran 's economy , the word of privatization has been to specific mindsets which can be considered a result of the lack of a movement culture towards a competitive economy .
1704- in , it is possible the change in possession occurs without a change in the level of concentration ; one private company purchase a governmental economic company but the structural reform will still be not achieved .
1705- some time ago in one of the newspapers , i came across the interpretation of " superstitious fear in an article in which the author had warned about the failure of privatization .
1706- this issue can exist in the privatization process of all countries but we should not be afraid and scared of facing it .
1707- the debate is whether this practice can be a strong pillar for the certainty of other policies .
1708- our programs will absolutely be regulated based on the need of certainty of the electronic commerce and the ease of the private sector  s activity .
1709- amirnia added : assistant cultural press office general culture and islamic guidance of tehran province while receiving their applications assesses and after obtaining the authority of the applicants delivers their share .
1710- in the booth " the special unit " of this exhibition said : most questions of the visitors are about the type of activities of this unit that relate to rascals and ruffians and instances that result in people 's disturbance and deprivation of peace .
1711- zahra rahimi , who is the first female police seen in this exhibition , talked about the activities of women police : in the recent years women police are trained in operative sectors and they are present duties
1712- one of the visitors the aid booth is a mother whose daughter is an addict and to protect reputation did not ask anyone about center for help leaving addiction and until now was not able to anyone in this regard .
1713- she who is divorced and her daughter became an addict because of family problems told irna reporter : for months i wanted her but i couldn 't , but through the exhibit i was able to my problem with the experts .
1714- world - monthly lomond diplomatic in its recent issue has criticized the foreign policies of the government of nicola sarkozy , france president especially in the middle east as well as the efforts of his government and the us to encounter iran .
1715- it is interesting that lomond diplomatic in an article which is published in the same issue of this monthly , clearly talks about the uselessness of sanctions against iran .
1716- this publication admits : " the us pressures far more than shaking the foundations of the government of iran have made the people of iran intolerant of any inclination .
1717- although the ministry of commerce considers the presence of trade in the organization of market success the trade unions by emphasizing the many capacities of these formations , declares this method of using the abilities of the trade units sectoral methods and lacking the necessary measures .
1718- although more trade unions are not inclined towards organizing exhibitions of direct supply of goods since organizing exhibitions of direct supply is being emphasized by the government and the ministry of commerce , the traders started organizing exhibitions and carrying out extra ordinary sales plans throughout the country .
1719- we strived to include all relevant to goods needed by people in these plans .
1720- but organizing exhibitions of direct supply is not an appropriate method for organizing the market and it seems the implementation of extra ordinary sale the plan due to the expansion of trade units in all spots of the city , will be an appropriate method .
1721- the final policy is utilizing the trade units in organizing the goods market and services of using chain stores but presently we are in special conditions which we have to pass .
1722- the ministry of commerce about one and a half years ago a guideline for setting up chain stores .
1723- in the trade council 's meetings it has been also announced that in case we do not want exhibitions of direct supply to be organized we should proceed towards forming chain stores .
1724-  have been killed .
1725- tehran - wajdi ghonol , turkey 's minister of defense , sunday after visiting his us counterpart , robert gates , in the capital of ukraine , announced that turkey has plans for attacking iraq but these military operations are not compulsive .
1726-  in south and southeastern areas this country .
1727- tehran - the spokesman of iraq 's government emphasizing that the law should be respected said : any type of reduction in the issued order regarding sultan hashim ahmed the defense minister during saddam 's term should be implemented according to the law .
1728- foreign service - news agencies : some leaders of the fatah movement by sending a confidential letter to mahmoud abbas , warned him of falling into the zionists  trap for talks peace in palestine that will take place next christian month at the call of the us president .
1729- this document adds : the goal of israel this plan its official recognition and acceptance of the fact that the zionist regime is the national government of all jewish tribe and it wants the non return of refugees and making the rest of the people of palestine .
1730- this letter by considering the presence of the people of palestine in the cities that were occupied year $year , refuses the possibility of any kind of permission of control of the security of these areas by the zionist regime to the palestine authorities .
1731- the deputy chairperson of the islamic resistance political office of hamas said : the participation of mahmoud abbas , the president of palestine , in this conference is heart imagination finally will have results worse than oslo .
1732- according to the received report , dr musa abu marzooq , deputy chairperson of the political office of the islamic hamas resistance movement , said : america 's goal in conducting international peace conference is not solving palestine 's issue , but getting rid of the whirlpool of the internal crisis caused by invading iraq .
1733- while pointing to the indeterminateness of and time of conducting this conference and its participants he emphasized , the participation of mahmoud abbas in this conference is a kind of that will finally have worse results than oslo .
1734- on one hand , ziad nakhala , the deputy secretary general of palestine 's islamic jihad movement asked the arab countries not to participate in the middle east  s peace conference that is planned to take place next november will be hosted by america .
1735- ziad nakhala who resides in damascus in speech emphasized : the international conference the middle east peace will have no benefits for solving the israel and palestine  s dispute .
1736- while emphasizing issue that the arab countries should not participate in this conference , he stated that the presence of the arab countries in the peace conference america will mean granting a big and gratuitous privilege to america and israel .
1737- on the other hand , muhammad sabih , the deputy secretary general of the arab union emphasized , the success of the international conference on the middle east depends on the scale of us government 's steadfastness and commitment to international laws and manifestos .
1738- muhammad sabih said : despite the end of periodic of condoleezza rice , the us minister of foreign affairs , to the middle east and her expressing satisfaction about obtaining the arab countries  support conducting this conference , some ambiguities still exist about this conference .
1739- he also pointed to the need of reflection and planning in decisions being a revolutionist .
1740- this point was referred to at the start of so some will read this short talk with more and if sympathy and in it , they accept it .
1741- the other point that some to exaggerate so they use it to justify this decision is the change in the nuclear negotiating group considering iran  s mobile conditions in this case is a transitive and essential matter .
1742- on the other hand , with the announcement of the presence of ali larijani the resigned secretary of supreme national security council in tomorrow 's talks with solana representative foreign policy of the european union has a sign of the immaturity of the acceptance of larijani 's resignation and the need for his continued presence in the talks .
1743- turkey 's supreme council on counter terrorism announced that by no means supporting 
1744- and ready to protect its rights
1745- the treacherous attack of the p terrorist organization 
1746- was carried out to cause disunity among people and prevention of any type of measure that is undertaken for disuniting turkey 's people .
1747- this notice has asked all turkey  s governmental institutions and media protecting the national unity and avoid any type of stimulations .
1748- in the notice of turkey 's council on counter terrorism " it is emphasized that " terrorist p 
1749- will continue with .
1750- this notice mentioning that " turkey respects the integrity of iraq 's land " , has emphasized that for protecting its unity and security turkey will not withhold any measures and will not allow supporting p 
1751- and for protecting its rights ready any .
1752-  in the south and southeastern regions of this country .
1753- general buyukanit who was visiting italy , on sunday after the killing of turkey 's soldiers left his trip to that country and returned to ankara .
1754- uthman khalid mazwi the head of sudan parliament 's foreign affairs committee on sunday in meeting with manouchehr mottaki our country 's foreign affairs minister discussed and exchanged opinions about bilateral issues and parliamentary cooperation .
1755- by explaining the conditions of powers our country 's foreign affairs minister added : the conditions and position of america in different regions especially among the islamic countries is very negative and it has no place .
1756- the americans are faced hatred in the public thoughts of the world of islam that during the previous centuries decline and degradation .
1757- mottaki pointing to america 's the world of islam explained : america 's goal is depriving the islamic countries of advanced and scientific techniques that are useful for the welfare of these nations .
1758- the islamic countries atomic bomb and the main concern of america and the west is independent and islamic countries access to the modern sciences and technologies .
1759- he added : presently the islamic republic of iran with perseverance and resistance of its nation and leadership in the framework of protecting peaceful scientific and nuclear achievements as taken high and valuable steps and this is a source of pride for sudan .
1760- sudan too in its front has resisted the plots of america and the west and by relying on and nation 's determination has persevered against them .
1761- ali baba jan who has traveled to cairo , in a joint press conference with umro musa , secretary general of the arab union expressed : turkey 's decision for carrying out military operations against the agreements of turkey 's kurdistan workers party ( p 
1762- k ) in the north of iraq a serious and non - returnable decision , but there is no need for implementing it in a specified and determined time .
1763- while about any efforts for stopping turkey 's measure of self defense in such circumstance he said : in the meantime ankara also supports iraq  s principle of unity and land ruling .
1764- baba jan explained : the government of turkey many operations with americans and the central government of iraq for suppressing 
1765- k and has received many promises too but this measure has been futile so far and none of these promises have reached the phase of .
1766- he emphasized : the joint aim of turkey and the arab union is ensuring security for all and we hope there is enough for announcing the firm commitments of the parties involved in this case to solve the crisis .
1767- in these circumstances , kurdistan regional government iraq by issuing statement a direct talk with ankara regarding issue the insurgents kurdistan workers party ( p 
1768- k ) demanded .
1769- this demand one day after the parliament of turkey with a positive vote announced attack on the north of iraq .
1770- in these thousands of iraq 's kurds in an objection to the approval of the plan of attack on the north of iraq by turkey 's parliament , demonstrated in different cities of iraq 's kurdistan .
1771- on one hand , recep tayyip erdoan , turkey 's prime minister reacting to the us president 's disagreement with the extraterritorial operations of turkish army in the north of iraq said : the important point is not who said what , the important thing is the decision of turkey 's assembly .
1772- he added : by removing the base of the kurdish insurgents as well as removing the insurgent leaders can safeguard turkey 's opinion .
1773- likewise yesterday turkey 's prime minister rejected the invitation of iraq 's kurdish government for direct talks about the presence of turkish kurd insurgents in the north of iraq .
1774- the president of iraq too pointing to the fact that iran does not support turkey  s military attack iraq , emphasized : we are against any military operations against iraq .
1775- he said : i believe that our brothers in tehran do not support turkey 's military intervention in iraq .
1776- he added : america will also not allow turkey 's forces carry out any kind of operations on the soil of kurdistan region .
1777- on the other hand , the office of masoud barzani the head of iraq 's kurdistan region by issuing a statement announced that this region is ready to counter any attacks from turkey against the north of iraq .
1778- it was mentioned in this statement : kurdistan region rejects the accusations of helping the kurdistan workers party  s members .
1779- we not only oppose fighting and violence , but are also ready for full cooperation in case the two parties select a peaceful route .
1780- ban ki moon , the united nations secretary general , on friday while expressing concern over the possible attack of the turkish military against the north of iraq for suppressing the separatist kurds , welcomed ankara 's readiness for discussing and holding talks about the important issues with baghdad .
1781- umro musa also expressed hope that the arisen problem between turkey and iraq be solved in a peaceful manner .
1782- he emphasized : turkey 's peace is important to the arab countries and adopting serious and determined stances in countering terrorism is the basis of arab countries ' policies .
1783- the zionist regime 's ambassador to ankara said : israel supports turkey 's attack against the north of iraq .
1784- darul khaleej daily , published in emirates also wrote : the strategic experts believe that turkey 's army is ready to carry out a limited military attack against the insurgents of the party 
1785- in the north of iraq .
1786- on one hand , the foreign affairs ministry of russia requested turkey and iraq to solve problems related to the decision of turkey 's assembly for authorizing the carrying out military operations in the north of iraq .
1787- the russian foreign affairs ministry spokesman said : we invited turkey and iraq to take advantage of maximum agreement in the process of the existing current relations among the officials of two countries .
1788- in when the government of turkey gets ready to present the new constitution that was approved after a copy in $year and after the military coup the non governmental organizations and universities have asked for a more transparent procedure and further partnership in this regard .
1789- this commission that consists of universities completed the draft constitution in june and presented it to recep tayyip erdoan the prime minister of turkey .
1790- presently this draft is with danjeer mir mehmet farat the deputy leader of justice and development party .
1791- this constitution that is shorter and simpler than the previous copy will spread personal freedoms and will remove some of the existing obstacles in annexing this deliberation to the european union .
1792- mesut parlak , the president of istanbul university in this regard says : this constitution is completely new but should not be prepared to show a reaction to the previous copy but in drafting it attention should be paid to the secular and democratic principles and the achievements of the republic .
1793- parlak while emphasizing that this recent copy is not digestible for him , added : the new constitution should be completely impartial and all values of turkey should be considered in it .
1794- this country does not have any problem with religious people but it has problems with the islamic extremists .
1795- among the persons who were tried based on this principle for the crime of to the turkish nation oran pamok the famous writer of turkey be pointed to .
1796- iraqi also by referring to the fact that iran does not support turkish military attack in the iraqi territory , emphasized : we are against any kind of military action against iraq .
1797- he said : i believe that our brothers in tehran do not support the turkish military intervention in iraq .
1798- he added : the united states will not allow the turkish forces to carry out any kind of operations in the territory of the iraqi kurdistan region .
1799- on the other hand , the office of masoud barzani the director of iraqi kurdistan region by issuing a statement announced that this region is ready to confronting any turkish attack on northern iraq .
1800- in this statement it is said : kurdistan region denies the accusation for helping the elements of kurdistan workers  party .
1801- we are not only against involvement and violence , but also if the two parties opt for the peaceful solution , we are ready for total cooperation .
1802- ban kimoun , the secretary general of the united nations , friday by expressing concern about a probable turkish military attack on northern iraq for the repression of secessionists , welcomed the readiness of ankara for discussions and debate regarding important issues with baghdad .
1803- amrou mousa also expressed hope that the problem created between turkey and iraq be resolved in a peaceful manner .
1804- he emphasized : the security of turkey is important for the arab countries and the adoption of serious and determined positions in fighting against terrorism is basis for the policies of arab countries .
1805- the ambassador of the zionist regime in ankara said : israel supports the turkish attack against northern iraq .
1806- the dar alkhalij newspaper published in the emirates wrote : strategic experts believe that the turkish army ready a limited military attack against insurgents p
1807- k in northern iraq .
1808- on the other hand , the russian foreign ministry asked turkey and iraq to solve the matters relative to the decision of the turkish parliament for issuing the authorization for carrying out military operations in northern iraq through political means .
1809- the spokesman of the russian ministry of foreign affairs said : we invite turkey and iraq to take maximum constructive benefit from the current existing communications at the level of authorities of both countries .
1810- the art of coin sewing in baluchistan like needlework has a long history and is prevalent in almost all rural regions of the province and its production and presentation has a local aspect and if a transaction takes place with this regard more between the inhabitants themselves .
1811- the produced goods as it was mentioned are very interesting and have originality and this is the same type of coin sewing that is currently offered and sold in most stores of iranian handicraft organizations .
1812- these coin sewing are traditional and their preparation does cost much for baluchi families because its decorative components are much more than wall hangings and end up being more expensive too .
1813- the good quality of such coin sewing directly linked to the financial status of the producer and the taste of the maker and on the other side possession of more coins at the house of each individual is also demonstrative of the good financial status of that person .
1814- the most important coin sewing production and presentation centers are espekeh , pype , fenouj , chanef and ahouran villages iranshahr and the iranian handicraft organization in the meantime based on possibilities ventures to purchase products of artisans of this branch from other areas in baluchastan as well .
1815- the beginning of the first intifada of the palestinian nation has had many negative effects on the issue of education so that in $year many schools were closed and with the signature of the oslo convention the education system of the country was totally ruined .
1816- also the palestinian ministry of education has cancelled the egyptian and jordanian educational methods in schools and has replaced a standard educational system in different regions .
1817- the riots and the turmoil of this period left irrecoverable negative effects on educational .
1818- it is predicted this year the value of sellable petrochemical products in local and foreign markets will reach to more than eight million dollars out of this amount approximately five billion dollars will be related to petrochemical exports .
1819- the director of the organization of standard and industrial research of iran said : iran  s and other developing countries share in the creation and international standards is still very inconsiderable .
1820- he affirmed : currently the subjects of nanotechnology , anti molecular biology , fundamental and complimentary cells have been created in some universities of medical science in the country which fulfill the future medical need of the country .
1821- eiynollahi said : in addition to this new policy of the ministry of health and medical education the creation of subjects within subjects is through the assimilation of fundamental sciences and clinical sciences that the authorization for the creation of these subjects has been issued in research centers and will be carried out in the near future .
1822- eiynollahi said : considering the problems of shortage of specialized and post specialized doctors in bushehr province for the first time in the country authorization for establishing for specialized doctors was given to the board of trustees of bushehr university of medical science .
1823- the turkish financial and investment markets last week under the effect of the authorization of the national parliament of the country to the government of ankara for extraterritorial actions of military against " p
1824- and also the subject of a possible examination of the armenian genocide bill in the u.s. congress and the evolutions in the world markets .
1825- doubtless one of the most important events of the past week in turkey was the subject of the examination and ratification of the ankara government bill for obtaining an authorization for extraterritorial operations from the national parliament of this country which also had an effect on the escalation of the price of oil in the international markets .
1826- the continuing operations of the kurdish worker  s party of turkey ( p
1827- in a way that during the beginning of last week the value of the national turkish monetary unit started to decrease against the dollar and euro , the interest rates went up .
1828- but in the middle of the week due to the limitation of foreign reactions to this bill , this procedure somewhat stopped .
1829- of course these two subjects are not cancelled and in the following weeks in case the possibility of turkish extraterritorial operations in northern iraq and the examination of the armenian genocide bill in the u.s. congress , the turkish markets will be highly affected by these evolutions .
1830- of course the expectation of the financial sector of turkey was the adjustment of half a unit in the interest rates .
1831- following the half percent decrease in the interest rates , the opponents of the current turkish monetary policy procedure decided to create a single front against the central bank in order to exert more pressuring in this field .
1832- it is noteworthy that in turkey for the first time the opponents of the current monetary policies in turkey at the threshold of the formation of the central bank monetary policy council meeting by placing advertisement in page of newspaper , expressed their requests .
1833- kamal onakitan the turkish minister of finance who announced the results of the performance of the budget did not pay much attention to strong criticisms for worsening budget procedure and emphasized on the intention of the government for the protection of the financial order .
1834- of course figures , do not confirm opinion of onakitan and it is noted that the shortage in the turkish budget is increasing and the surplus in the budget balance without counting the expenses of debt interests is decreasing .
1835- the analysis of the budget figures shows at the same time as the increase of government expenses and decrease of demand in the local market , the tax income of the government is decreasing and this results in the creation of deviation in the objectives of the budget .
1836- experts by referring to the reactions that the turkish government circles and the public opinion the previous day  s attack " p
1837- the number of companies which are presented to the stock market for concession by the privatization organization , are faced with a lack of acceptance of the private sector for the purchasing of shares .
1838- iran aluminum company , isfahan mobarakeh steel and khouzistan steel are in obtaining a block authorization from the board of ministers .
1839- the most important part of this attack took place in the middle east and regions that on one side can provide the grounds for gathering energy and on the other side securing the national security of israel .
1840- this event in a real sense pushed the world toward militarization  military tendency .
1841- in the meantime , it is the u.s. guideline for changing the international geopolitical map and political and military geography .
1842- a guideline which based on the new theory conservatives to present a new definition of and values such as peace and democracy .
1843- the united states after the elimination of communism , while assuring the weakness of european and asian rivals placed setting eyes to the distance in its work order and once again the meaning of heartland ( heart of the earth ) was placed in the corners of the sight of the white house .
1844- before the u.s. took action for sending troops to the middle east , some regional disputes in some of the regions such as central asia and the caucasus , the balkans and the former yugoslavia and
1845- washington to display the strength of its army in some of the above regions .
1846- hence the structure of the u.s. mind set in the foreign policy changed and moved toward a system of an illegitimate commanding hierarchy .
1847- these speeches of george bush were new national security doctrine of the united states that was revealed by the new conservative theorizers in particular condoleezza rice donald rumsfield richard perle paul wolfowitz .
1848- from this point onward , the united sates considered the highest threat against itself not only ballistic long range missiles and the geographical distance from crisis generating regions was also not able to create a relative immunity for this country .
1849- also , terrorism does not consider itself limited to a specific geographical environment and with the least expense can have the highest effects on the opposite side and has the possibility to be placed in contrast with the u.s. national and territorial interests .
1850- with a definition that the new conservatives offered from mobile and dynamic terrorism , the united states searches for its threats not in its national , geographic and territorial zones , but on the other side of the oceans .
1851- in the beginning americans with the excuse of aggression on afghanistan in order to fight against terrorism and by benefiting from some regions and the aerial space of a number of central asian and the caucasus republics in order to support their aggression in afghanistan , had a military presence in these zones .
1852- the united states with the war in afghanistan and then iraq , in fact ventured in a new make up in the middle east and central asia and the caucasus .
1853- a make up which is clearly pursuing dominance on the surrounding borders of russia and iran .
1854- it was on this basis that during the past six years , the white house has tried to prevent any kind of convergence and military  strategic unions between china , russia , india , iran and some countries in the region .
1855- by failure in afghanistan and defeat in iraq many of the u.s. dreams were turned into mirage .
1856- among the factors which the ambitious plan or project of the century led the united states into impasse , the occupation of iraq has the first role .
1857- with the elections of the u.s. congress on the seventh of november $year that the bush wing savored the first taste of defeat until now series of failures , have taken over the camps of new conservatives .
1858- all symptoms and opinion polls show that the u.s. society is preparing farewell to new conservatives in the year $year and everyone is thinking about when defeated army of this country will leave iraq .
1859- yerevan - according to the report of the dispatched irna reporter to yerevan the capital of armenia , " robert kocharian " the president of armenia monday night organized a dinner banquet in favor of dr " mahmood ahmadinejad " the president of islamic republic of iran at the presidential palace of this country .
1860- kabul  the office of the spokesman of afghanistan foreign ministry in a statement announced that one of the employees of the embassy of this country in germany who had sent an invitation for an employee of the racist regime of israel , was fired .
1861- beirut  the lebanese hezbollah accused " walid joumblat " the leader of the druze progressive socialist party in lebanon of hallucination and announced whenever lebanon is at the verge of agreement of political leaders he tries to prevent the realization of this goal .
1862- tehran  the zionist prime minister started his trip to paris and london consultations with regards to israeli relations with europe , middle east issues and other subjects of interest of tel aviv .
1863- tehran  the aljezireh news network from northern iraq said : the military commanders of p
1864- k rejected the possibility of agreement with any ceasefire at this stage .
1865- the commanders of p
1866- k had said prior to this that their organization is ready for carrying out a conditional ceasefire .
1867- new york  the u.s. newspaper " new york sun " which is newspaper repeats israeli standpoints in this country , in an article wrote that the fall conference between israel and some arab countries in the u.s. is the only chance for taking a memento photo .
1868- new york  the u.s. newspaper " new york times " in a report wrote that general " michael molen " director of u.s. joint headquarters thinks further than the iraqi war and says that the possibility of collapsing of u.s. ground forces exists .
1869- the us financial year begins from the first of october of every year and continues until the end of september of the following year .
1870- mahmood ahmadinejad in two separate orders emphasized on the change of structure and efficiency of the banking system and the evolution of the methods of banking system .
1871- these orders were completed with the formation of work groups .
1872- in addition to this the higher administrative council in another action voted for the merging of councils and namely the monetary and credit council .
1873- considering the importance of evolutions and the effects that these matters have on the iranian economy , the following report deals with the formation of the central bank and decision making fundamentals and also limits and its .
1874- for the clarification of the level of and the intervention of the government in the monetary and financial structure of the country is better to pay attention to the fundamentals of the central bank .
1875- j ) the supervising board on the banknote reserves was comprised of two people elected by the senate house , two people elected by the national assembly house , the minister of finances , the attorney general , the director of the central bank , the general treasurer and the government inspector .
1876- the state inspector in fact through the proposition of the ministry of finance and the approval of the board of ministers supervises on the operations of the central bank and presents the necessary reports to the government .
1877- the determination of banking operations is also incumbent on the monetary and credit council and dealing with banking affairs without the authorization of this council will be forbidden .
1878- due to this banks must have their statutes approved by the council and the registration offices be compelled to seek the agreement of the mentioned council for registration of local banks .
1879- the monetary and credit council even had this authorization that if it considered the number of existing banks sufficient to refrain from issuing an authorization for the inauguration of a new bank .
1880- the order of the government with this regard was irrevocable .
1881- in fact the monetary and credit council took the place of the supervisory board of banks and by the extension of the limits of its duties and responsibilities became the main trustee of monetary and financial policies of the country .
1882- in the present circumstances when the news is talking about the dissolution of the monetary and credit council , attention to some of the duties and missions which were traced in the previous years in particular during the time this council was established are essential .
1883- namely that the council determines and communicates the ratio between short and long term investment and defines the level type of bank deposits in the central bank .
1884- in this manner council of stock exchange was incumbent on the director of the central bank .
1885- this subject was a place for dispute to the extent that in the second government of mohammad khatami , the former president of iran , differences on the management of the stock exchange council escalated between the then minister of economy and finances , tahmasb mazaheri , and the deceased general director of the central bank , mohsen nourbakhsh .
1886- the train of iranian economy with the help of a rail fleet which a rail was oil money and the rail money hidden in banks , move according to the order governments but did not reach a secure station .
1887- foreign service  news agencies : the leaders of the european union yesterday morning ( friday ) reached an agreement regarding the new treaty reform of this union .
1888- after the signature of the treaty of lisbon and for its implementation on a specific date ( first of january $year ) the treaty must be officially approved by each of the member countries .
1889- the mentioned document which replaces the wasted constitution of the european union has been compiled and prepared with so much attention that its approval by the national parliaments of member countries .
1890- the new treaty is not a constitution : effort for the ratification of the first constitution of this union which was itself replacing two key treaties of this union , was left unaccomplished in year $year due to the disagreement of the french and the dutch .
1891- the new reform treaty of european union is not replacing the old rules and treaties , but it completes and reforms them .
1892- london and warsaw have refrained from being included in the implementation of this charter .
1893- the article relative to an appointment : the new reform treaty of the european union provides for the possibility of departure of each member country from this union under conditions which should be examined by its other partners .
1894- however , different groups namely the opposing conservative party which requests the organization of a referendum regarding this treaty in england , has announced that brown has violated the commitments two years ago by the labor party .
1895- before this political and news circles had mentioned that the subject of iran is among issues that will be examined in the lisbon conference , but negotiations regarding this matter were eliminated from the official work order and the general session of lisbon conference .
1896- this was the plea of the addict man in the interrogation session .
1897- hossein asgharzadeh added : considering the rise of such crimes , it appears time has come for a more serious confrontation with such culprits and with this regard the law makers must approve of stricter laws for encountering with these culprits .
1898- this is while until before this due to the high finished price of wheat the local production did not have the export possibility of iranian wheat .
1899- currently a portion of this amount was exported and the remaining is also exported .
1900- sayid ahmadi abhari in an explanation other markets targeted by the iranian exportation adds : since the wheat exportation agreements are concluded in an indexed manner , they have the duty of delivering wheat the ship and we do not have much to do with the destination .
1901- regarding the price of iranian wheat exportation he adds : agreements for the iranian wheat exportation considering the international prices to different prices .
1902- even though considering that wheat has sensitive in the international stock market one cannot assume the price stable even for one day and the possibility of rise and fall of the price of wheat exists in the following weeks .
1903- the authorities of the ministry of commerce by referring to the high existing capacity of flour production factories believe that the possibility of providing for the needs of factories for wheat does not exist in the local production site and importation is still the foregoing option of these flour producers .
1904- the foreign trade deputy of the iranian commercial public company adds : also with the rise of international price of wheat and importation for flour factories , currently the wheat necessary for these factories for the local production of flour is provided from the site of local wheat production .
1905- but considering the very high capacities of flour producing factories in the country , we are not able to provide the necessary wheat for flour production exports .
1906- forty four years ago john f kennedy few months before being assassinated traveled to the divided berlin of the time and made a number of historical speeches .
1907- but there is also another phrase , the last phrase that he pronounced in berlin .
1908- he said this phrase during his speech at the congress hall and as a gift by the united states to the people of berlin : " perhaps americans are very far , but today we want to be here .
1909- when i leave berlin tonight , i will leave this place , but the united states will remain .
1910- but the adventure did not proceed this way .
1911- during the following few decades the united states has repeatedly been favored by europe or disdained by it .
1912- perhaps the darkest days of washington in the united states after the vietnam war , was the attack on iraq in the year $year and its dire and unpleasant results .
1913- as the memorable formula of " donald rumsfeld " the former u.s. secretary of defense showed , iraq divided the european continent into two parts : the new europe and the old europe .
1914- millions of protestors filled up the boulevards of european cities .
1915- governments in britain , spain , italy and other european countries fell due to their connection with george bush or endured damages .
1916- in the congress hall of berlin , at the threshold of war in iraq , artists from the middle east organized an anti war exhibition with the title of " bewilderment " .
1917- but currently the situation changed again .
1918- from spain to russia , european countries are in the process of reconstructing bridges toward the united states .
1919- the interesting point is that , european political leaders have adopted advocating of u.s. policies while people in the streets are as much anti american that they were from the time of coalition forces attacking iraq .
1920- european leaders by accepting this obvious danger and acting against the will of the general public want to show to what level they are determined to bury the anti americanism .
1921- a historical moment in the beginning of september $year reveals this claim .
1922- nicolai sarkozy the president of france was established in paris when the capital was considered anti american .
1923- while talking for a group of ministers from other countries in paris ( practically the leaders of the new generation of europe ) he said : " i am among those who believe that friendship between the united states and france is important today that it was during two centuries .
1924- sarkozy and angela merkel the chancellor of germany are among the precursors of new americanism .
1925- the behavior of these two is so that it appears as if the former chancellor gerhard schroeder and president jacques chirac belonged to another era .
1926- the countries located in central and eastern europe also show such an innumerable americanism that moscow , their former chief become restless .
1927- the relations with washington in spain the prime minister jose louise rodriguez zapatro whose first foreign policy initiative was the removal of spanish forces from iraq has become warmer for example their cooperation on the matter of fighting against terrorism .
1928- understanding the reasons which are behind the decline of anti americanism is not difficult .
1929- the first reason moving away from power bush within a few months as far as one can remember , none of the u.s. presidents have not been strongly criticized by europe as bush .
1930- the second reason is the discoloration of the iraqi issue  of course not as a catastrophe , but as a dual issue which has made the leaders fight each other .
1931- bernard kouchener , the french foreign minister told newsweek : " we are turning this page of history and finding a new spirit .
1932- the municipality of tehran suggested : the issue of inviting the foreign contractor for recycling the wastes of tehran should be discussed and reviewed expertly in the committees affiliated with the municipality of the city of tehran as soon as possible .
1933- he reiterated : whenever the issue of recycling the waste has been proposed and decision about it , due to various reasons such as economical , specialized and political reasons no decision - making has been done .
1934- ghalibaf added : in the domain of recycling there are beneficiaries that each of them prevent making a right and serious decision for recycling of the wastes of tehran that a small example of them in the city are waste thieves .
1935- in the continuation of this session the islamic council of the city of tehran approved the plan of reforming legal and administrative strategies of dealing with the offenders of distribution , shipment and improper obliteration of regular residuary in the urban spaces and passages of tehran .
1936- in this plan the municipality of tehran has been obliged while using supervisory capabilities of the domains of urban services to take action against illegal and improper distribution , dumping , shipment and obliteration of regular residuary in the urban spaces and passages tehran with the cooperation the disciplinary force .
1937- cooperation and partnership with the disciplinary force of the driving police in order to enforce fines related to the illegal and improper distribution and dumping of wastes on the surface of public passages and spaces by the passenger or the passengers of vehicles including private and public is according to the regulations .
1938- in this enactment from the two people immigrant families the amount of one million and two hundred thousand rials , from the three people immigrant families one million and five hundred thousand rials and from the four people immigrant families one million and seven hundred thousand rials will be taken .
1939- the projection of collecting the price of expert services in this enactment for the municipality of tehran has been predicted thirteen billion rials yearly .
1940- he at the end said : during the current year the judiciary branch has had the most interaction with the disciplinary force of the country and naja is also determined until the extirpation of all social corruptions and problems , to execute the security plans .
1941- the juridical complex specializing in the economic matters sentenced the current director of the financial matters of one of the departments of the university of medical sciences and health and medical services of iran with the charge of embezzlement to perpetual discontinuity from governmental services .
1942- on the basis of the decision of the judge asadollah
1943- as told by him , this tree is almost eight years old and from it in each time the produce of between one to two boxes of pomegranate is picked .
1944- he said : pomegranate due to humid and dry conditions and tropical and semitropical several times a year .
1945- the director general of the offices of marine life of the organization of environmental protection said : in case the result of the test rejects the dolphins being poisoned by chemical pollutants the possibility of them being effaced by hunting boats would be increased .
1946- doctor mohammad bagher nabavi said : still the result of the test on the dolphins has not been presented to us and until the time that the tests are done , one can not reject any possibility .
1947- doctor nabavi regarding the possibility of dolphins being entangled in the fishermen nets added : we still believe that many possibilities including the entanglement of dolphins in the net , chemical pollutions .
1948- but for expressing views we wait until the result of the tests are clear .
1949- according to the report of mehr , he reiterated : in case the result of the test rejects the dolphins being poisoned by chemical pollutants the possibility of them being effaced by fishing floats will increase .
1950- the director general of the office of marine life of the environment organization while emphasizing this that oman sea is the cleanest water of the world reiterated : some of the ships carry poisonous materials and a little amount of poison in the sea can have a large impact .
1951- therefore the possibility of some of this poisons falling into the sea can result in the death of the dolphins because basically poison does not change the color and smell of the sea and its identification is difficult .
1952- he continued : providing the budget of this medicine needs allocation of subsidy and insurance support that insurance still has not supported it . 
1953- therefore thalamic patient should pay the entire expense but he in many cases is not able to pay this cost .
1954- doctor dinarvand stated : in addition to the insurance cover for obtaining this medicine , doctor  s prescription is also necessary that in this part there is no problem and it has been coordinated with the medical society .
1955- with the proposal of the general inspection organization of the country and the meritorious measure of the energy ministry , the circular based on which organizations and affiliated units of the energy ministry acted on conclusion of the agreement of doing expert work with their personnel was abolished .
1956- the fire that had started during the vacations of the end of the week , monday escalated with the blow of the wind and spread over hundreds of kilometers .
1957- the most damage struck malibu region in which one church , one castle and many houses of people turned into ashes .
1958- director office preventing addiction of the welfare organization regarding the omission of methadone in the centers for detoxification in addicts also emphasized : this problem still has not been solved and we are conferring in this regard .
1959- he in the continuation said : my wife at first protested but pennilessness had made us desperate therefore she agreed to embark on robbery with each other at the time of robberies , my wife sat in the car and i stole the tires .
1960- after the marriage , he made me to use drug and because he was unemployed we in order to get glass had to embark on robbery and in this way he involved me in his robberies .
1961- the head of supervisory office on customs matters of northern khorasan also said : initiating the custom of the province has not been initiated with its proper definition which the statistics of exports and imports and the income of the customs have been determined .
1962- he pointed out : due to the reason of lack of the office of supervising customs matters in the province of northern khorasan , industrial , agricultural and livestock goods of the northern province have been exported from other provinces and even with the name of those provinces .
1963- the deputy of foreign development and trade of the commerce organization of the northern khorasan province called the non - initiation of customs , lack of exhibition space , lack of investment , weakness of marketing , lack of reputable companies of transportation and goods discharge as the obstacles of export issue .
1964- this authority regarded the inactivity of the border market as other obstacles for the issue of export of province and said : now the border of northern khorasan export through other provinces and or give their currency allowance for export to traders and businessmen .
1965-  ali saleh abadi the head of stock and organization following the message of doctor  mahmoud ahmadinezhad the president to the first gathering of the investment , clarification and accounting market in a letter thanked and praised his special attention to the investment market of the country .
1966- the head of the chamber of commerce and industries and mines of iran said : the chamber of iran during the new period of its activity aims to employ the abundant investments of iranians residing outside the country in various economic sectors of the country .
1967- the daily ration of the amount one million liters for the whole country is merely for public use and it would not be usable at administrative , governmental , public and armed forces organizations .
1968- according to the report of the central news unit quoting france agency , vladimir simaku the speaker of the oil company of lukoil which is the second biggest oil company of russia , added : the plan continues and the digging work in the oil field of anaran proceeds .
1969- according to the report of fars news agency , riano vesti news agency while announcing this matter quoting vladimir yakusho added : the idea of establishing the organization of gas exporting countries is now doing more surveys among the gas exporting countries and in this regard more consultations should be done .
1970- according to the report of fars , the islamic republic of iran has presented the proposal of establishing the organization of gas exporting companies and in the recent trip of putin the president of russia to iran this proposal once again had been put forward by the high ranking iranian officials .
1971- he said : the private sector of iran in the near future creates the exemplary wheat field in the country of sudan and moreover until now a number of sudan experts have passed educational sessions in iran .
1972- shahid najm the representative of the team of food and agriculture organization of the united nation ( fao ) in iran at the educational workshop of food safety that was held in the ministry of agriculture jihad
1973- said : accomplishments of iran in self - sufficiency is due to caring about the educational - research centers that has been able to transfer research accomplishments to the domain of production , has also done an important investment in the matter of education and research .
1974- the gross domestic production of iran in the year $year
1975- in this regard commerce boards have been also planned with the cooperation of the commerce chamber of iran and commerce organizations of provinces that in some cases would be done by integration of boards .
1976- the deputy of oil ministry announced of the decision of the council of administrative managers of this commissariat for encouraging and helping official and contract staffs interested in being transferred from their place of work in tehran to other megalopolises of the country .
1977- doctor moazzami reiterated : granting the equivalent rial value of one rank and granting one month of encouragement leave from the date of issuing transfer are among other supports and facilities considered for implementing this plan .
1978- ghanimi fard the head of the delegation of iranian negotiators in islam abad said : after doing the technical negotiations both parties have signed an agreement and reached the final agreement regarding the price of exported gas of iran .
1979- rigid structures dominant on the global economy have been designed in a manner that the most optimistic theoreticians of the economic development are of this belief that the current economic gap would not be effaced so soon .
1980- he reiterated : although the rapid increase in the global economic growth in the year $year has provided the necessary ground for achieving the goals of the millennium of economic development but it seems the global plans for effacing poverty have not had much efficiency .
1981- the minister of economic and finance matters added : we are of this belief that the basic voting right of the developing countries should be increased three times and this issue can help decreasing the gap in power voting right between the developing countries and developed countries .
1982- the increase in share and the voting right of the developing countries can be considered when selecting the heads of the world bank and the international monetary fund too .
1983- he reiterated : in our view , a completely transparent and open trend and path without focusing on certain countries , should be defined for selecting the heads of the world bank and the international monetary fund .
1984- according to the statement of danesh jaafari , countries with an average income have a great share in the world bank .
1985- these countries have a great need in the development loans of the world bank .
1986- he reiterated : despite this reality , we are witness to the decrease in the paid loans and the negative trend of the loans of the bank to these countries .
1987- moreover , the decrease in the basket of paid loans of the bank has also changed into an important concern .
1988- in his view , according to the articles and laws of the world bank , the world bank should only based the economic situations and conditions of various countries cooperate in economic and constructional projects of these countries .
1989- the political conditions under no circumstances should have an impact on the economic decision makings of the world bank and affect the type of cooperation of the world bank with the member countries .
1990- danesh jaafari reiterated : the defeat of threats and animosities of great powers made them debilitate the financial system of iran with the cooperation of international economic and monetary systems .
1991- but all these attempts for defeating and weakening the financial system of my country did not get anywhere and failed .
1992- the minister of economy added : these powers while utilizing wrong information try lies the economy of iran .
1993- we are certain that these powers will be defeated in their attempt for secluding the financial system of iran .
1994- he who had begun his policy creating tension in the persian gulf region since the time of his first presence in the government of america , reached his activity in the time of george bush the father .
1995- in the time of reagan , he presented his thesis that the oil of persian gulf is a for america and america should increase its military presence in the region for the protection of its interests and also the support of israel .
1996- the possible weapon of achieving mass killings weapons and inspiring it to george bush the father was done by welfovitz .
1997- because at the same time paul wolfowitz together with dick chaney and collin powel had convinced bush that the mission had been done .
1998- at the time of clinton paul volfowitz was dismissed from the government for some times his membership in groups republican party went to john hopkins to teach economics .
1999- in this period his interest about the middle east did not decrease too .
2000- we can not trust our allies in persian gulf war anymore and 
2001- paul volfowitz believed the time the main objective of america 's foreign policies had to be the elimination of saddam had arrived .
2002- george bush the son power , volfowitz again returned to his favorite job and the substitute of defense minister of bush 's government .
2003- paul volfovitz is known as one of the main architects of iraq war .
2004- but his wrong calculations even some of the democrat representatives in congress say some times this question is raised for us that whether mr volfovits is really on our side .
2005- but in recent years this principle had been violated in such a way that in addition to the deposition of violators it may put the world bank itself at risk of closure .
2006- their purpose was this that the world bank can do its duty that is the supporting of the development in countries like zimbabwe ( the place of dictatorial regime of mogabe ) only with volfovitz .
2007- but volfovitz were busy dealing with other matters rather than withstanding against the examples of mogabe .
2008- they had got acquainted since a long time ago in " democracy donation national group and even some said shaha reza have prepared the field for his presence in the bank .
2009- with permeation of the story , on volfovitz recommendation shaha reza was transferred to ministry of foreign affairs and she got salary from the two organizations simultaneously .
2010- with leakage of bank 's secret information to the news networks and also making claims about washington 's government using influence the bank 's internal affair intensified .
2011- the personnel of bank correctly called volfovitz " washington 's infiltrator and " under influence of beloved and a truth finding committee was given the responsibility investigate the matter .
2012- also some notes were found which he personally had asked shaha reza 's boss salary raise for her and had forced some contractors of the bank to employ his beloved .
2013- the situation had messed up totally .
2014- may be if it was not neighbors  meddling , paul volfovitz would be still the world bank chief .
2015- the month of march $year , some neighbors of ms shaha reza informed newspapers that they have seen volfovitz coming and going to shaha 's house .
2016- this one signal was enough for newspapers to mess up the situation completely .
2017- shaha alireza is the daughter of a libyan father and a saudi mother who lived in middle east a long time and now she is busy working in middle east and north africa regional office of the world bank as a citizen of britain .
2018- she had established a friendly and close relationship with him since the time he had the title of substitute of defense minister of bush .
2019- it seemed something than their both interest in " expansion of democracy in arab world had made them close to each other since after some times both of them ended marital life with their spouses .
2020- from the very $year and the volfovitz 's membership in world bank the stories began .
2021- in the charter of the world bank , economic , social , agricultural and medical advancements have been named as the main objectives of this group and reduction of poverty is being mentioned the main objective of this bank .
2022- legally world bank belongs to the united nation .
2023- but actually world bank has become a tool to exert the america 's policies .
2024- different countries and organizations have protested these using of influences many times .
2025- the symbol of the world bank is you see beside this issue .
2026- gates which fashion recently are mostly related to a sexual adventure .
2027- the perjury of clinton got worse and then his excellency the president had to confess before television cameras and of course in order to divert the public opinion from the story give the order of the missile attack of iraq and somalia .
2028- madam dc confessed most her call clients are among top rank members of government and congress and for the same reason she tries to select her employees from the secretaries of the governmental organizations .
2029- apart from ronald tobias who resigned from his position , the name of one other customers of madam has leaked too ; harlan olman , the member of strategic and international studies center of america .
2030- in $year was also permeated from the media that mark fooli  one of the republic member of congress - sends letters containing sexual issues to his inferior young trainee and non - platonic demands from her .
2031- after this story , the matter of sexual abuses of young trainees of congress - who are mostly pupils and students - were discussed for some time in the media and gradually subsided .
2032- there similar stories about the governor of virginia in $year and the governor of kentucky in $year and even the famous governor of california his excellency arnold schwarzenegger has confessed to one case of sexual abuse at the very beginning of work .
2033- paul volfvitz and shaha reza and the resignation of the manager of world bank in year $year were the newest case of the file moral among american politicians ; a file which is growing bigger every day .
2034- it is announced that the strike will be continued tomorrow ( saturday ) as well .
2035- according to the report of irna reporter from paris orly airport , this strike which has started on the verge of the start of france tosen holidays , has created a lot of disorders in the domestic and foreign flights of this aviation company in france .
2036- the head of france s j " union ial joan also has announced that the movement to make the strike more expanded and harder has been started and the continuation of the strikes will be also more powerful than this .
2037- many of air france this morning  s flights to paris destination have landed with a lot delays and also some of the flights of this aviation company from paris to other destinations have been cancelled .
2038- s t employee unions and 
2039- other heads of the unions organizing this strike in france have announced that a meeting will be held today in the headquarters of air france company in paris sharl dogol airport for the continuation of the strike .
2040- in continuation by pointing to the efforts of the zionist regime over hiding its nuclear programs , he added " the israelis are trying to follow their nuclear programs by ambiguity creating .
2041- also pointing to the claims of the west against the targets of iran nuclear programs , hesham yusef said " the whole world knows that israel has nuclear weapons while iran is at least a member of n t and 
2042- it has provided the international atomic energy agency its nuclear programs , but israel has done nothing in this regard so far .
2043- currently due to the occupying policy of israel in seizing the land of palestinians and the growth of extremism in the region , the chance over the formation of two side by side israeli and palestinian governments has been ruined more than ever .
2044- meanwhile , esse broug also warned against any effort to marginalize palestine islamic resistance movement known as " hamas " and said " putting aside this public group from power arrangement in palestine will face defeat .
2045- the rise in oil price has created this worry that inflation will rise and the global economic growth will decrease .
2046- the bush administration enacted new sanctions against iran thursday .
2047- us secretary of state condoleeza rice stated that the aim of imposing these sanctions , as he said , is increasing the cost of iran  s irresponsible behavior .
2048- meanwhile turkey warned more extensive attacks on the north of iraq .
2049- this is while turkey  s army on thursday shelled the camps of the suspected belligerent settled in iraq  s boarders .
2050- turkey  s president abdollah gol , declared thursday after iraq has permitted turkey  s kurdistan labor party forces ( p 
2051- k .
2052- k ) to use the bases located in this country  s soil to attack his country , ankara can not remain silent .
2053- on the other hand dollar  s value fell against euro .
2054- this fall was after that which reports showed the order for lasting products in us has reduced unexpectedly and predictions regarding unemployment are more than estimates , that it can economic growth of this country .
2055- the economic growth in us provides in its turn the ground for supporting of the federal reserve view on the decrease of interest rates in next week .
2056- in another revolution rafael ramiz , energy minister of venezuela declared that despite the unprecedented rise of prices , opec does not intend to increase the oil production .
2057- prino replied : i think you should notice all putin  s statements and judge rationally he didn  t say at all that there is not a possibility for negociation to resolve this problem .
2058- he added : therefore we have a good but complex relationship with russia , resolving some disagreements are not easy and they take time , but we are patient and continue working .
2059- he answered : the oil price is a worry everywhere .
2060- the supply is not enough and demand is increasing and this is not only our country  s problem .
2061- the us missile shield is a military project and is planning to be deployed in east europe and to complete a system which is deployed at present in us , greenland and britain .
2062- the political observers say insisting on the execution of us missile shield can pull the two countries of russia and us to the second cold war .
2063- the parts of a radar system which previously was deployed in south pacific ocean , has been dismantled to be transported to czech republic .
2064- for this reason nato has begun research on the development of its own specific missile shield to cover the us system gaps .
2065- britain officials also said they will probably establish missile path finder stations in their soil .
2066- the critical talks of iraq high ranking delegation and turkey  s officials came to an end at the evening hours of friday in ankara while both parties have not yet spoken about reaching a definite result in these talks .
2067- the talks continued on lunch table and then the afternoon and according to the previous announcement the iraqi delegation also was to meet with the joint staff officials of turkey  s army and at the end of today  s talks a joint statement to be issued .
2068- at the end of tonight  s talks it was announced that tomorrow saturday a meeting will be held between abdo alqader mohammad jasem al abidi " iraq  s defense minister and " vajdi gonol " turkey  s defense minister who is right now at the nato defense ministers  conference .
2069- iraq  s embassy in ankara had announced that in this delegation " abdo alqader mohammad jasem al abidi " defense minister ,  seffin dezaei " the official in charge of foreign ties of iraq  s kurdistan democrat party and " aidin khaled " acting foreign minister of iraq have membership .
2070- the peacekeeping forces dispatched from different countries to darfur while sudan had announced previously it agrees only with deployment of forces that are dispatched to this region by africa union .
2071- regarding this one of the britain  s foreign ministry high - ranking staffs lord maluch brown , last week by traveling to sudan , has met with omar albashir the president of and consulted in this ground .
2072- he called the crisis befalling the darfur region as a tragedy of the present era .
2073- britain prime minister to b channel 
2074- c said : peace talks which are going to be held next month and the ceasefire that is proposed by sudan government beside the sending of un and africa union joint peacekeeping forces , have made me optimistic toward resolving darfur crisis .
2075- these forces have been formed following the request by un security council for establishing peace in the west of sudan and present are taught the necessary things .
2076- this force will join an international peacekeeper force in darfur .
2077- this state official added : the government should prepare the ground for merchants and producers through diplomatic relations for the purpose of exporting their products to other countries , so that the exporters can control global markets easily .
2078- according to esfandiyari , for better access to the global markets exporters and producers while uniting with government should also be able to offer goods with higher and better quality than their foreign competitors and with more suitable price .
2079- he expressed : competitiveness in exports is one of the important and basic principles and exporters should take competition with other producers and exporters especially in other countries into particular and special consideration .
2080- this retired soldier who has experienced difficult days of war several presidents of his country describes the iraq war an outstanding example of and in the white house .
2081- in my view bush during the remaining time of his second term of presidency cannot withdraw his soldiers with honor and while iraq is experiencing conditions of security and stability .
2082- therefore if victory means the stabilization of the situation in iraq and the formation of a democratic government in that country which can cope the provision of its security i must say no bush cannot be victorious in this war .
2083- believe stability must transform to the priority for the united states  policies in the middle east ; this means that not only must stability be pursued in key countries but this priority must also be considered in the arena of the balance of power .
2084- after stability , the most important factor in getting out of this crisis is the comprehensiveness of approach .
2085- it cannot be expected each of the regional crises is to be solved in isolation and with an exclusive approach .
2086- this sickness is identified with watery and diarrhea .
2087- the patient suddenly gets watery diarrhea with high pressure and no pain and then vomits .
2088- this patient lacks bile and blood and is grey color ( metallic ) and has no disturbing odor .
2089- very soon because of dehydration , the patient enters this stage .
2090- noozari specified " the policy of the ministry of oil is to give priority to development of south pars because of the partnership and attracting foreign investment .
2091- on these grounds we invite all international companies to participate in various oil and gas projects however regarding expansion of the fields we will not wait for anyone .
2092- he said we ask the domestic contractor to form a consortium for the development of the remaining phases of south pars and the ministry of oil will solve the problem of the related funding .
2093- delay in the common field of the country is not justified in any way .
2094- the supervisor of oil ministry stated " a big gas field was discovered in the south of ghir a while ago and next to this field other structures have been identified the same gas field volume .
2095- in general by being second gas reservoir of the world , our share of the gas market of the world is not justified to be less than one percent .
2096- opportunity in the best way possible .
2097- they don't know any justice who would want or be able to solve their problems they regard themselves deprived lonely and victimized
2098- today , one thousand years after ferdossi , the clash of these two aspects can be seen in all cultures and countries .
2099- the dominion of consumer markets and materialism in our age has made the scholars and artists the slave laborers of the rich and powerful .
2100- all great poets complaining death of loved ones life challenges long talks .
2101- in any event in this article the main and immense discussion of the poems ( complaining about the world ) is not outlined and we limit to some sample poems which are known under the title bass shakvi .
2102- one of the first immanent poets of the dari languages in complaining about the world are a few long odes from a great poet who spent a portion of his precious life at a grave site like prison as a result of false accusations and jealous actions of government officials .
2103- this beautiful ode ( which will be explained ) and some heartfelt poems of masoud saad composed in nai prison initiated the bass shakvi sector in farsi literature .
2104- the farsi meaning of this arabic title is spreading and expressing the pain suffering secrets and complaints .
2105- after masoud saad salman many poets composed odes complaining about the world .
2106- of course a pure immanent poem which reflects the passage of time according to the writer is not any more than two percent of the mass of some million lines of farsi poems .
2107- some long poems have been introduced in this article as examples of the masterpieces of bass shakvi which were composed in the style of masoud saad en>
2108- a few long poems from the masterpieces which were composed in the trend of masoud saad are introduced in this article ; poems that i have been familiar with for years .
2109- this poem is a reflection of the national and cultural zeal of the writer literature and historical expertise .
2110- masoud saad salman was born in a governmental and educated family during the ghaznavi rule .
2111- the masoud young age was half a century past the death of the great national poet of iran the master abol ghasem ferdowssi tousy .
2112- in those days shahnameh reading was popular and there were shahnamehs .
2113- apparently masoud had written a brief from shahnameh which has been lost .
2114- in his poems masoud uses some shahnameh ledgends such as rostam and raksh , even though i did not see ferdosy 's name in poems .
2115- masoud 's collection of farsi poems puts him among the great farsi poets .
2116- he had expertise in the arabic language and composed some arabic poems apparently he knew hindu and had involvement in astrology .
2117- massoud had offices in the court of ghaznavi rulers who were the descendants of soltan mahmood ghaznavi .
2118- the same ignorant rulers imprisoned him a few times .
2119- recep tayyip erdogan the turkish prime minister pointed out : in spite of turkish kurdish workers party being on the list of terrorist organizations the member countries of the european union have not hitherto returned members of this group to turkey .
2120- the representative of the people of borujird emphasizing that the member countries of the security council will not benefit from the ratification of the third resolution recalled that important existing opportunities for the cooperation of iran with the agency will in practice be lost by the ratification of the third resolution .
2121- he pointed out : i do not think the resolution will be issued to the liking of america but it is not far from expectation it will be a resolution which emphasizes the issues with a weak content , and perhaps the possibility exists of the issuing of such a resolution in the existing circumstances .
2122- however its execution and implementation is less likely .
2123- according to mousa qorbani , good discussions took place between the ministry of foreign affairs and other countries and it is necessary these efforts are increased and there must be conversation with countries to the extent they are people of dialogue and logic .
2124- all countries of the region enjoy adequate water resources to supply internal demand .
2125- the principal problem is providing the necessary water for the agricultural sector .
2126- the demand for water by the agricultural sector is linked to economic structures , people  s consumer preferences , commercial and agricultural policies and the level of water consumption enjoyed .
2127- this report indicates what effects and convergences water sector policies will have on the economic policies of the countries of the region .
2128- the majority of international observers believe that the middle east and north africa are facing a shortage of water resources .
2129- in spite of the variety of weather and climate in the region  from the snowy atlas mountains to the hot waterless and grassless deserts of arabia  most countries of the region are not able to meet their demand for water .
2130- in fact most countries are facing a water crisis and conditions worse .
2131- with the change in the economic and population structures of the region , the demand for water and irrigation services will change during the coming decades .
2132- the share of rainfall and the descent of streams also have effect on the climate changes .
2133- will the countries of the region be able to apply the management of their water resources with the existing and future challenges ? if they are not capable of this task , a large volume of the socio - economic budget will be spent on this .
2134- in this regard large cities will more than ever need the necessary help in respect of water supply and water supply services and irrigation will be extremely expensive .
2135- in the agricultural sector also , unreliable and insufficient irrigation services will cause a reduction of farmers  yield .
2136- these questions will have short - term and long - term effects on economic growth and poverty and will cause a growth in social tensions and an increase of pressure on the government budget .
2137- in respect of and economic conditions , this report sets out to reduce these difficulties and challenges .
2138- in many countries of the region , water policies are adopted in the course of three stages .
2139- the second stage took shape during the twentieth century .
2140- at the same time as economic and population growth , the governments of the region began to think about expanding services .
2141- the public sector and government undertake the most important role in the management of large - scale investment .
2142- the countries of the region have constructed most of the dams on rivers .
2143- the supply of water and water supply services greatly expanded .
2144- the third stage also began from the beginning of the twenty - first century .
2145- in some countries , the government and people thought that the provision of water security faces financial and physical limitations and for this reason the water resources management was seriously .
2146- if the countries of the middle east and north africa wish to accelerate and develop within the third stage they must bring about political and technical changes in the structure of their water sector .
2147- these changes include planning for the quality and quantity of water resources , increasing the level of management of water demand , reforming water supply tariffs and strengthening regulations concerning the environment .
2148- in many countries of the region , farmers manage the structures for the irrigation of their land and the distribution of water .
2149- some governments supervise the manner of distribution and management of river water by forming bodies .
2150- despite huge investment by some countries to install piped water systems , many people still do not have access to and healthy drinking water .
2151- tehran  the american army announced that three american soldiers lost their lives on tuesday as the result of the explosion of a bomb next to their vehicle in the south - west of baghdad .
2152- london  on tuesday the british foreign and defense ministers welcomed the announcements of nouri al - maleki the iraqi prime minister concerning the program of transfer of responsibility for security in basra province to iraqi forces by december of the current year .
2153- tehran  the german ministry of defense announced in a statement on tuesday that in $year c . e . that country will train iraqi soldiers in the united arab emirates .
2154- another dossier concerns a girl called " rizana nafeek " of sri lankan who emigrated to arabia in order to help her poor family and without undergoing a training course is employed to look after a small boy in a saudi family .
2155- according to the report of the islamic human rights commission , another matter concerns a person named " khalid hosein al - belousi saudi citizen who in $year as caused a fatal traffic accident .
2156- but he denied this accusation and has spent time in prison without access to the legal right of defense nor has permission been given to his wife travel to arabia meet with him .
2157- the final dossier that this commission puts forward as a denial of human rights in saudi arabia and wishes the king of arabia to investigate is the detention of a number of pilgrims to mecca who have been deprived of rights in prison and do not have permission to see a lawyer and their families .
2158- last week a number of thai political parties including the democratic party and the people  s power party sought the revocation of the current martial law regulations in the majority of the parts of the country especially the provinces located in the north and north east of thailand .
2159- abhisit vejjajiva the leader of the thai democratic party calling the impact of the continuation of the imposition of the current martial law regulations in that country from the international point of view negative , has emphasized the need to bangkok  s policies in that connection .
2160- he also requested the thai government to pay attention to the recent demand by political parties and personalities concerning the revoking of the martial law regulations in the country  s provinces especially before the planned date for the holding of the next general elections .
2161- the british foreign ministry has announced that the london negotiations will focus on matters like young people , training and cultural dialogues .
2162- however the principal focal point of the relations between the two countries is commercial exchanges expansion and also close diplomatic and security cooperation with the goal of assisting in solving the fundamental problems of the middle east .
2163- the king of saudi arabia emphasized : until a completely serious effort to reach an agreement which satisfies both the palestinians and the arab world does not take place , the success of this conference appears very remote .
2164- the saudi minister for foreign affairs on the possibility of a military attack on iran said : the use of force will cause devastation and destruction of everything , therefore military action more than having any achievement will be harmful .
2165- the international atomic energy agency  s report due to examinations by that agency  s inspectors and also on the basis of the agreements between larijani and solana collected and published during several rounds of negotiations , notes a change in the trend of the iranian nuclear dossier .
2166- this means that majority of countries in the world that previously under the influence of american propagandizing atmosphere held positions hostile to iran  s nuclear dossier have accepted the iranian nuclear reality or have at least modified their positions in this area .
2167- although it appears with the existence of the heavy atmosphere and the pressure of other countries the formation of this consensus is impossible and in other aspect countries like germany and russia in china although cautious nonetheless emphasize the solution of the problem in a diplomatic and manner .
2168- molina has placarded the iron fist his elections slogan and has announced that his first formal action is to declare an emergency situation and strengthen the police force .
2169- the propagandistic group also hands people placards and propagandistic pamphlets with this theme that every man needs a woman , horse and a weapon .
2170- the opponents of mulina accuse him that he has aggravated the elections violence .
2171- they say this conservative candidate needs a chaotic atmosphere with too much violence for taking ahead his elections slogans to introduce himself later as the country  s savior .
2172- one of mulina ` s critics and opponents rigoberta mancho the winner of noble peace prize is one of the other presidential candidates who as an indian has not much chance for winning in this elections .
2173- his example according to his statements , is morals the first president of bolivia .
2174- unlike other candidates castlo attends in the public societies less and he is not interested in public and popular .
2175- castlo is accused of several political murders of the local elections candidates .
2176- in this war the left native mayayi from one side and the army supported by the united states of america from another side confronted each other .
2177- guatemala is one of the most chaotic american societies .
2178- poverty is much expanded and is mostly seen among the native clans .
2179- the current president of this country is oscar burger one of the rich farmers of guatemala who was selected to this post by wining in $year elections .
2180- among the candidates who compete for entering the parliament or president  s house are politicians who have relation with crime and felony gangs , drugs gangs , theft groups and smuggle bands of weapons .
2181- he enjoys a good chance now for entering the guatemala parliament because of his expensive elections propagandas
2182- the mayors , members of civic councils and congress are more or less immune from the judicial pursuit .
2183- according to the news staff of the fourteenth international fair of the press and news agencies , yonaton beth clia added : by creating motivation and encouragement in people for visiting this fair we provide the means of entering the publications inside houses .
2184- he welcoming the independent identity of the book fair expressed hope that the start of this proper movement will also have a suitable efficiency .
2185- according to abu news staff , the director general of international affairs of radio and tv said : after reviewing of prizes selection committee of abu , two radio programs and two tv programs from the islamic republic of iran were the candidate for receiving the prize .
2186- creating the common language of goods in the national level and developing the comprehensive database of companies and products and thus the distribution of information in the public level for different users across the country is among the significant aims that this system seeks .
2187- then the trade minister regarded the development of trade figurative activities , accelerating the business atmosphere , attention and efficient replying and shortening the replying cycle required for performing " iran code " system across .
2188- the trade minister stating the accessibility to telecommunication has been facilitated , declared : in spite of the development of hard ware section and the increase of the number of educated persons in this section , we have not been able yet prepare the way figurative business in the country .
2189- mirkazemi declared in , if we seek to identify the goods , we should base the identity code on the nature of a good , while at present it is not this way and the identity code was evaluated on the basis of the company .
2190- according to him , negligence in the coding affair has caused that a product exists in several names in warehouses , but because of the lack of a suitable control system of the goods , it may be supposed that this kind of goods does not exist in other warehouses .
2191- " masoud movahedi " stating iran code is being used in the expanded scope of the goods at present , expressed hope : the use of this system will reach the apogee in the next months .
2192- according to the undersecretary of planning of trade ministry , at present there is no need that the production and export institutions import coding technical knowledge by consuming foreign exchange expenses , because " iran code " has solved many problems .
2193- according to him , by establishing " iran code " the informational bed will be placed in front of us that functions in the institutions level and also in national level is definable and prepare the possibility of this common concept of expenses decrease .
2194- movahedi stipulated : iran code can help the stability of national production by collecting and recording the basic information of providing and distributing goods through decreasing costs with the best quality .
2195- according to the undersecretary of trade minister , by extensive use of " iran code " system the process of ordering , transporting and 
2196- goods will be cheaper and faster and this issue will result in the decrease of production costs .
2197- he said : this issue should not be forgotten that introducing the production resource and distribution of goods results in the qualitative presentation of goods and services , supporting the consumer rights and preventing the smuggling of goods .
2198- this responsible authority in the commerce ministry underlined , by supplying different kinds of products and present services in the market , the ground will be prepared for competition and stability of prices , exit of foreign exchange decreases and also the prosperity of domestic production will be helped .
2199- undersecretary commerce stating present because of unavailability needful necessities in target markets we are facing many problems in the stability of the market , added : new and advanced markets usually accept the original goods certificate and identity .
2200- therefore the iranian unknown goods are deprived of presence in this markets .
2201- imam jafar sadegh ( peace be upon him ) who is the founder of shiism school in the times after the first shiite jurisprudence , could endeavor to promote the alavi school by using political open space and also the instructions of his dignified father imam mohamad bagher ( peace be upon him ) .
2202- although the manner of propaganda of this dignified imam was being transferred through stating the needs and religious instructions in the form of prayers and praises to shiites but because of security reasons and closed political space in society that little religious instructions also were incompletely transferred to people .
2203- in the times of imam moahmad bagher ( peace be upon him ) the situations were prepared in a more differently way from the past and by opening the political space , the instructions of alavi school from the fifth shiite imam were transferred to through noticeable methods .
2204- in obsolete times of science and knowledge he could promote the alavi jurisprudence and promulgating the sciences which many of were unknown until that time by forming classrooms and teaching many students .
2205- the result of this effort which resulted in laying the foundation of tens and hundreds of religious and scientific schools across the islamic territory , established a way for continuing this effort in sadeghi age .
2206- accurate recognition of the changes of these times , would be of great help to the better understanding of what imam sadegh ( peace be upon him ) did in this time and formed a school under the title " alsadegh school " and caused the prosperity of the shiism thought .
2207- in the ages of imam sadegh ( peace be upon him ) , many changes occurred that the need of recognition of all these changes is an accurate and multilateral investigation of them from the time of the reign of mavieh in the time of the imamate of imam hassan mojtaba ( pbuh ) .
2208- although scrutinizing all of these cases does not fit in this article it can be said briefly that mavieh by the social situations and mental structure of arab tribes had properly reached this point that the principal problem of these tribes is the issue of " fanaticism and decent "
2209- he knew that his government because of the lack of direct relation with the family of the prophet ( peace be upon him ) would be very vulnerable .
2210- thus he tried to fill in this deficiency by forging the traditions in the favor of himself and his family .
2211- the traditions which were forged in mavieh ages although they were simply recognizable it seems they could promulgate and spreadamong the people by the courtiers .
2212- imam himself for answering people  s need in this time founded a knowledge axis insurrection and became the founder of shiism jurisprudence school by establishing new classrooms and strengthening the previous classes .
2213- imam was the answering authority all islam followers shiite and sunnite at this time and by great deal of attempts and efforts could prove the power of shiism school through reasoning and rationality over all islam followers .
2214- imam sadegh ( peace be upon him ) by getting benefit from all sciences and also having the benefit of the present special source of sciences among the prophet  s chastity and purefamily ( pbuh ) proceeded to answer the people  s doubts which had been exposed to forging and diversionary traditions for years .
2215- imam  s effort led to forming a thought that he could not only train many disciples in all fields , but also resulted in insuring shiism and refining the islamic thoughts during hundreds of year .
2216- the result of imam sadegh ` s efforts in reforming the shiites thoughts was a great revolution in the shiite thought system and what today has distinguished the followers of his highness from other religions , is indebted to that honorable imam  s instructions and teachings .
2217- hassan sobhani the representative of damghan opposing this bill said : attention to the rural development pattern has remained neglected in this bill that this issue itself will aggravate suburbanization that solving this complex is harder than the present problem .
2218- he expressed : also the housing price issue in this bill has been neglected and mass - constructing continually is supported in this bill and this bill will be in favor of the mass - constructors the low income people .
2219- saidikia stipulated : in this bill it has been emphasized the support of industrial housing production and modern technology in support of the housing production in the old contexts of the cities , to support the preparation of housing producing cooperatives and reconstructing of rural housing .
2220- the minister of housing and urbanization continued : granting the bank facilities or subsidizes , organizing the taxes of the construction permit , organizing workers ` insurance and planning in the production of materials are among other issues in this bill .
2221- regarding the urgency of this bill the parliament should immediately enter the review of details of this bill but regarding the termination of the official time of session this issue was postponed to the next session .
2222- the present information in the address www .
2223- the director of management development and human resources vice presidency in his circular also issued a seven article instruction for the final establishment of this internet site for the authorities of the executive organizations .
2224- the engineer amirreza vaezi ashtiyani stating education in the micro industries is very important constituent , expressed : education in the micro industry does not represent wasting capitals but it is regardsedas a kind of a long - term investment .
2225- dr vichi gang continued : the micro industries can directly have enormous profit in the country  s economy and unido will move for improving these problems by understanding the problems of the micro industries .
2226- the advisor of isipo ` s managing director also in the continuance of this visit referring the government  s policies based upon the granting of employement - generator and early - return facilities , said : people  s numerous demands for establishing the industrial units , are indicator of the investors and entrepreneurs ` interest for developing industry and production of the country .
2227- of course these countries are still very traditional but to the extent they are entering a new atmosphere they are losing their persistence with their traditions , procedures , traits and even beliefs .
2228- in this manner even france herself knows that in the event of insisting on its position , have a price and under the influence of world pressure it will certainly regret this strategy .
2229- from the very beginning , the military branch of united nations  representation in the balkans area was aware of distance and gap between the united nations mission and the tools for attaining the declared goals .
2230- but on the other hand , the system of bureaucracy which formed the management of the organization ( and their battlefield was the security council ) were not ready to admit the existence of this gap .
2231- this unrealistic point of view was clearly reflected in the report by the then commander of the united nations peace keeping force in bosnia - herzegovina .
2232- this deep gap was nothing but the distance between the task that the united nations as the largest world institution dispensing justice was supposed to perform and the goal that it was actually able to achieve .
2233- in this resolution , all parties were requested to consider srebrenica and the districts around it as a safe zone .
2234- in the aforementioned resolution reference was made to the seventh chapter of the united nations charter on the basis of which the security council " may resort to action by means of air , sea or land forces that is necessary to maintain or restore international peace and security .
2235- however the mission of the united nations has been limited to providing humanitarian assistance and freedom of movement .
2236- the obvious point of weakness of the resolutions was that in spite of the reference to the seventh chapter of the charter , did not specify its applicability in relation to the activities of the organization  s peace keeping force .
2237- but on the hand , peace keeping force a realistic view towards limitations of implementing a successful peace keeping operation at time circumstances were peaceful .
2238- from a completely technical point of view , the united nations peace keeping force in fact achieved its mission , although in the sense that it limited its mission to peace - keeping within the framework of the organization  s resolutions .
2239- in addition , the commanders of this force warned the leaders of the united nations on repeated occasions that the existing situation could only be resolved by means of operations specific to the establishment of peace not by operations specific to peace keeping .
2240- the military branch was neither capable of doing anything nor was its voice heard and the security council also declined to pay attention to their repeated and at times desperate warnings .
2241- the security council , secretary general and the special envoys did not succeed in reaching a consensus for the transformation of the united nation  s mission from peace - keeping to the establishment of peace and believed that this matter is not possible from a technical point of view .
2242- legalism and formality prevailed over international laws .
2243- the result was a limited and largely irrelevant mission which protected the united nations peace - keepers but ignored those requiring the implementation of justice .
2244- max webber , the famous sociologist , warned a half century ago that the possibility of a final triumph of bureaucracy in the future was very great and technical man will prevail over cultured man .
2245- it can be said that it  s a while since his prediction came true .
2246- both these criminal soldiers were convicted for involvement in the $year srebrenica massacre .
2247- after the sudden and saddening death of the nation  s renowned contemporary poet qaisar aminpour and the publication of the news of it , many poets , educators persons of scholarship and culture and
2248- shed tears in mourning for his loss .
2249- the officials of the poets house who were affected by this sudden death sorrowfully fixed photographs and posters of the late qaisar aminpour to the notice boards and some of qaisar  s students as they wept lit candles in front of his photograph .
2250- at the association of poets fatemeh rak  ei , abdoljabaar kaka  i , sohail mahmoudi , sa  ed baqeri , isma  il amini , naser faiz , mohammedreza abdolmalekian , afshin alaa and other poets and students of qaisar are present and offer condolences to each other and the family of this poet .
2251- qaisar had a history of heart disease and was in hospital a week ago for a heart valve operation yesterday echocardiogram was taken of him and it was planned to report on it today when last night his condition deteriorated suddenly and .
2252- after the occurrence of this regrettable bereavement , many persons of scholarship and culture together with a group of educated persons and literary associations issued messages of condolence , some of which are as set out below .
2253- qaisar aminpour was a radiant jewel which shone well but was fortune .
2254- he was one of the loyal supporters of the islamic revolution and desired the honor of dear iran and now he rests next to god  s mercy ; but his memory and name will always live on and motivate towards good and knowledge and truth .
2255- the minister for culture and islamic guidance expressed condolences for the passing away of the deceased contemporary poet dr qaisar aminpour in a message .
2256- he , the bounds of whose soul were a springtide of lyric verse and the rose petals of his poetry turned the realm of thought into a rose garden .
2257- much time is necessary for the second rising and ardor of an intellectual poet like him whose delightful speech enraptures every iranian zealous for the culture of this country .
2258- i offer my condolences with the expression of sympathy with the honorable family of the deceased for the loss of that wise intellectual to the people of culture , art and lovers of poetry and literature of the land of iran .
2259- the implementation of the guideline for the removal of the trading problem is certainly effective in the national capital market and will bring about fluidity of shares , but this guideline is not the best method and with the passing of time it will be capable of reform and improvement .
2260- the managing director of stock broking of the bank saderat iran pointed out regarding obtaining a permit from qatar by that stockbroker to carry out broking activities : the stock broking department of bank saderat intends in addition to expanding its representation on a national level to attract resources from neighboring countries to the national capital market .
2261- in the opinion of the managing director of stock broking of bank saderat activity in those countries enjoys a greater return in comparison representation in townships and will result in attracting appropriate capital to the country  s capital market .
2262- in iran also reading the masnavi is a proud and valued tradition but sometimes it is heard especially in the west with respect to mawlevi they have taken the outer aspect and discarded the kernel .
2263- he considered mawlevi nourished by several centuries of islamic and quranic wisdom and learning and said : scholars of mawlevi must be careful not to forget this essential truth .
2264- they must introduce mawlevi with all attributes so that his essential nature which is divine truth , is not forgotten .
2265- all his works are in persian and have been translated from this language to many other languages .
2266- he stipulated : we have identified malicious hands sabotaging the economy and we go forward stage by stage and in the near future we will purge all of them from the country  s economic arena .
2267- nuclear progress is just the first step and the young people of iran are determined to take high steps to the loftiest point of the apex of the peak of progress for the nation one after another .
2268- in the continuation of these ceremonies statues of courage were also awarded by the president of the republic to the mother and father of the martyr mohammed hosein fahmideh and the father of the martyr saham khayyam and the president of the republic also received a statue of courage for bold diplomacy at columbia university .
2269- the long list of russian activities in recent months does not end here .
2270- the growth in the price of oil and gas , america  s international weakness arising from that country  s unsuccessful adventures in iraq and the appearance of china and india with the stature of bona fide powers , have been factors encouraging moscow to change its foreign policy .
2271- however the approach of russian politicians has changed from cooperation to confrontation and in the same way that history has shown , this change of policy - making may in the long - term be followed by a change in policy .
2272- the central power which fell into decline after the disintegration of the soviet union is once again becoming established .
2273- after the sixteenth century c . e . it was always the russian center that determined the future course of the country and it is unlikely the future will be very different from the past .
2274- the current transformations in russia may have multiple consequences which confronting these consequence requires a convergent europe and in the absence of such an approach it is not clear how the future of the interaction of moscow and the west will be .
2275- the analysts who observe this development from the position of consumer countries consider the producers the cause of the high price .
2276- on the opposite the producing countries consider the consumers and the imposition of tax on the consumption of oil and petroleum products the cause of the high price .
2277- of course each of these persons consider fairness and commitment to expertise also other factors effective in the price of oil .
2278- if we look at the factors affecting the price without taking sides and with regard to the price changes in the new period of the oil market and unprecedented and historical prices we observe factors .
2279- the first factor and the most important cause is the matching of production and consumption of oil in the world .
2280- malthus was of the belief that considering the rate of growth of the population , the production of foodstuffs could not respond to mankind  s food requirements and the world is subject to crises and wars for the possession of food resources .
2281- in this case also technology will in fact assist the increase in the production capacity and the recovery of oil resources which are today considered to be lost .
2282- this matter is a real and foreseeable possibility but until such time that appropriate technology for such an event is obtained and this idea is put into practice the conditions for the parity of production and consumption exist and in facing that the market has no solution other than increasing price .
2283- the other important and effective factor which plays a role in increasing the price in recent years and is also under the influence of the stock market , is the reduction in the value of the dollar by the american government which has pursued in recent years .
2284- the estimates produced indicate every percentage reduction in the value of the dollar , an increase in the price of oil follows by the same amount .
2285- each of these factors depending on market conditions have a fundamental and secondary role in the market .
2286- in recent years , contrary to the past when the change in the season produced an increase or reduction in demand and hence an increase or reduction in price , the tendency for seasonal increase and has also occurred .
2287- these policies reduce the destructive effects of oil inflation upon the production of goods .
2288- the role of imported oil and energy in these countries has reduced and these countries  oil companies have oil production .
2289- this increase however has not reduced in the direct consumption of oil products like gasoline and causes consumers  dissatisfaction .
2290- the reduction of price in this sector does not have an economic solution , but for reducing the effects of dissatisfaction in public opinion a political solution exists which is to accuse opec of being the agent for the increase in price .
2291- it is natural for political individuals in consuming countries and even experts with political tendencies opinion and stances to link the increase in the price of oil to opec as the essential factor in the increase in price .
2292- these statements are in fact a denial of reality in order to reduce the pressure of public opinion upon governments in consuming countries .
2293- the taking of a political position that results in opec being presented as the principal factor in the problems of the people in some countries doubtless affects opec  s decision making .
2294- the members of opec do not wish to be perceived in world public opinion as the cause of difficulties and for the same reason they make an effort to change this depiction by the positions they take in meetings of opec .
2295- the result of every opec meeting which must be ratified by a vote all members is clarified at the end of every conference .
2296- the reason for this matter is that one dissenting party can block the ratification of any proposal that is put forward in this meeting .
2297- despite the executive structure of opec and the equality of the countries  votes , the members of opec each have a particular weight and status .
2298- this status above all arises from their production ability .
2299- the country which has the most production ability enjoys the power to influence the decision of opec ministers .
2300- in the last meeting  that was the one hundred and forty fifth ordinary meeting of opec  the arabia  s minister for oil chose to keep silent at the airport when he arrived in vienna .
2301- this was in circumstances in which the majority of the members of opec announced on arrival at vienna that this organization  s oil production would not change .
2302- this position has been imposed upon that country  s representative since some timeago and with regard to the importance of this organization .
2303- the reason for this is that if he took any position before the meeting regarding opec  s decision this position would be construed the result of the conference and by an instant effect on the market , would influence the decision of the members present at the conference .
2304- thus for some time the oil minister of arabia has opted for a policy of silence regarding the oil market .
2305- this incorrect picture regardless of the principal influencing factors in the market  the explanation and description of which are very complex  causes opec decisions show their lack of basis .
2306- the decision of opec at the recent meeting for an increase in production with a one month delay while rejecting reluctance for an increase in production showed that the market does not determine the price by the decisions of this organization .
2307- opec does not as the past have the role as the agent determining the price in the oil market and only strives to pursue the preservation of interests in a market with several masters .
2308- on the basis of the law of usury - free banking , investment term deposits for the use of which the bank is the agent may be employed strictly for the profit making matters anticipated in the law and its relevant regulations .
2309- in continuation of this letter the central bank pointed out : participation in the capital of companies  by means of legal participation or direct investment  on the basis of the existing regulations is only permitted when the result of the review and evaluation of participation indicates the profitability of the plan .
2310- the head of the planning , budget and accounts commission of the islamic consultative assembly said : the system of banking without usury benefits from comprehensive laws and principles but what has caused its inefficiency in the banking structure of the country is the non - implementation of its laws by the relevant organs .
2311- although the istanbul conference is apparently the continuation of the egyptian sharm al - sheikh conference which was held in the spring of this year turkey 's firm against frontier changes with iraq has compelled the iraqi authorities to shift attention to iraq .
2312- in order to help the atmosphere of the istanbul conference houshyar zibari emphasized in baghdad yesterday that the iraqi government is ready to cooperate actively with the turkish government to find practical ways to confront the crisis that has come into existence .
2313- the turkish government requested the closing down of pk bases in the north of iraq .
2314- in the skirmishes between the army and recent days
2315- erdogan previously accused america and this week europe of hypocrisy in the confrontation of terrorism .
2316- iraqi officials in istanbul intend to put forward issues concerning the security of iraqi refugees and energy ( iraqi oil exports ) .
2317- this is in the circumstances that a referendum is supposed to be held in kirkuk during the current month c . e .
2318- turkey has several times put forward a request that this referendum not be held en
2319- according to the report of reuters : in coming days turkey will press the american foreign minister to move towards fulfilling the promises given by washington to take steps to help in suppressing pk insurgents in the north of iraq .
2320- but experts believe that this american senior diplomat  s hands are tied concerning this issue .
2321- turkey has warned that .
2322- and washington also fears regarding this matter that ankara 's extensive attack on the north of iraq will make this country more unstable .
2323- rice has promised that appropriate measures concerning combating the pk insurgents will be implemented .
2324- and she is now forcing the iraqi government especially the regional authorities of iraqi kurdistan to restrain the activities of the pk insurgents
2325- but while rice has promised that america will take appropriate measures against pk paramilitaries .
2326- colonel benjamin mixon who is responsible for the command of american forces in the north of iraq .
2327- recently in response to a question regarding what intention he has for restraining the activities of pk paramilitaries , he said " certainly no action .
2328- sam brannen , a member of the center for strategic and international studies in turkey said " i think rice is really weak in what she can achieve on this trip .
2329- other experts also believe .
2330- rice  s forthcoming trip to turkey will take place while there are many anti - american sentiments in that country and these sentiments more due to the ratification in the american assembly of representatives of the bill confirming the armenian genocide by the ottoman empire .
2331- ayatollah hashemi rafsanjani referred to culture as the essential axis and nature of the islamic revolution and added : also on this subject while avoiding superficiality an effort must be made for the people 's belief and trust in islam and the revolution to increase day by day .
2332- he emphasized : contradiction between promise and action can blemish the people 's trust and belief .
2333- at the beginning of this meeting , hojjat al - islam val - moslemeen tabataba  i and several other representatives of the islamic consultative council representing the group , giving congratulations for the election of ayatollah hashemi rafsanjani to the presidency of the assembly of experts of the leadership .
2334- a palestinian activist who had been severely injured during the zionist regime 's army attack on nablus was martyred .
2335- issuing a statement , the secretary - general of the organization of the islamic conference requested the intervention of the united nations in the gaza strip .
2336- in this statement ekmeleddin ihsanoglu severely condemned the recent decision of the zionist regime to limit the supply of fuel to this region and requested a global reaction in this area .
2337- he described this step a cruel and inhuman measure and added : this matter could result in a human disaster in this region .
2338- the cabinet of the zionist regime is supposed to respond to the protests of the human rights organizations tomorrow .
2339- this matter was officially declared in the statement that tallal naji , the president of this committee read in the presence of correspondents and representatives of palestinian groups based in syria .
2340- tallal naji said : the goal of this action is to increase the efficiency of the national conference in comparison with the goals of the compromise conference and to guarantee the historical rights of palestinian nation .
2341- in another change the president of the palestinian autonomous government notified israel and america of the proposal in order to determine a timetable with the purpose of reaching peace in middle east .
2342- after meeting hosni mobarak the president of the republic of egypt mahmoud abbas said : this timetable must be inserted into the document which will be presented to the fall conference .
2343- regarding the recent case he said : we reminded the iraqi side that supporters of terrorists have targeted the friendships and cordial relations of the countries of the region .
2344- at the same time , after manuchehr mottaki met the iraqi prime minister ,
2345- concerning the formulation of the new budget law the president said : the framework of the budget will be in the direction of the constitution and in this law the responsibilities and transparency of the duties of all systems will be specified .
2346- concerning the content of negotiation with lavrov who had to tehran yesterday , he said : all the talks were regarding bilateral relationships and pursuing the agreed programs concerning the russian president 's trip and the decisions that must be taken on a global level .
2347- in response to the reporters ' question concerning the caspian meeting in tehran the president of the republic also said : contrary to what some of the media have written , no negotiations concerning the division of the caspian sea which also has no legal meaning , took place .
2348- the focal point of negotiations was concerning mutual frontiers and the scope of frontiers .
2349- he said : the media have altogether performed very well regarding the provincial trips and if a defect exists somewhere , everyone must help to reflect it so that people become aware .
2350- regarding participation in the meeting of the heads of opec in arabia the president said : an invitation has been made to him to participate in this meeting and i will certainly also participate in this meeting .
2351- he added : with the formation of the specialized committee with the cooperation of the ports , shipping and fisheries organization the presentation of the statistics of ships ' movements by them and also rapmi the principal cause of the death of the dolphins will be announced within the next two weeks .
2352- a correspondent asked the president : past heads of government have put forward the request to debate with you in order to defend their performance , are you ready to have a discussion with them ? the president said in response : we are people of discussion .
2353- the managing director of justice stock said : information regarding owners of the stocks for the receipt of the dividend has not yet been completely and finally presented to bank sepah , so it is not possible for this bank to pay the dividend until the next few days .
2354- he added : soon and during the next few days this problem will be removed and complete information about stock - holders for receiving the dividend will be presented to bank sepah so that the possibility of payment is provided for this bank .
2355- according to the report of mehr , faramarz fathnejad said : negotiations with the ministry of commerce and the banks were carried out for the provision of the necessary infrastructures for the launching of the electronic stock market in the near future .
2356- he declared : in talks with bank directors the difficulties of electronic receipt and payment were discussed and views exchanged that fortunately the bank directors announced their agreement to providing their latest services to the stock exchange and negotiable papers organization .
2357- fathnejad referred to pursuing the acceptance of permission to present the electronic certificate from the stock exchange and negotiable papers organization and said : the authorities of the ministry of commerce are due to announce their final view about this subject in the near future .
2358- he said : the united states is winning in iraq and the goals of president bush on the increase of the number of american soldiers in iraq are being realized .
2359- general petraeus said just what george bush likes to hear .
2360- general petraeus who was appointed to the command of the american forces in iraq on bahman of last year instead of general george casey , was commander of the american airborne division which entered baghdad for the first time .
2361- unlike general casey he believed and believes that by the increase of military forces it is possible that america can be helped to reach its goals .
2362- petraeus 's plan was proposed last year while on the basis of the baker - hamilton report america has become embroiled in an unwinnable war in iraq and should withdraw from that country as soon as possible .
2363- fallon strongly disagrees with petraeus  s continuing view on the maintenance of the maximum possible force in iraq and together with british generals believes america 's involvement in iraq has overshadowed the military power of the united states throughout the world .
2364- in justification of the policy of george bush petraeus first tried to draw a picture of the successes of the plan for the increase of the force in iraq .
2365- he first emphasized the point that the number of civilian deaths in iraq has decreased in recent months which is false news .
2366- on the basis of the associated press report civilian victims in $year were more than $year .
2367- on the other hand the effort for political interests that was emphasized among iraqi groups was not also the result of the innovations of petraeus and the american ambassador in iraq .
2368- petraeus tried to justify the continuation of america 's military presence that if congress insists on the departure of american forces from iraq , firstly iran will have the upper hand in iraq and secondly the achievements of the policy of the increase of forces in iraq will also squandered .
2369- according to the report of fars , in its latest report entitled the middle east and central asia regional economic outlook the international monetary fund has proceeded to predict the macroeconomic indices for the countries of this region $year .
2370- both the oil and non oil sectors of iran will encounter an increase in growth in $year in comparison with the year before that .
2371- mazaheri the identification and control of cash growth factors and the steering of liquidity towards production using the tools and incentives of investment present agenda government and executive systems .
2372- he did not consider the decrease and increase of liquidity accidental and stipulated : this matter is due to various decisions and the government also has plans on agenda to control liquidity .
2373- stating that some banks are in debt to the central bank following an increase in the payment of facilities , he stipulated : the payment of central bank resources and their injecting into the economy independently of the reason and method of this injection , has an inflationary effect .
2374- emphasizing that controlling the budget deficit and the government 's not using the central bank 's resources are the principal steps for controlling liquidity , mazaheri said : in paying facilities banks should give priority to productive constructive plans early return .
2375- he emphasized the necessity for repayment and receipt of banking claims in arrears and added : banks must put the alternative of attracting people 's long - term deposits on agenda in order to help in controlling liquidity .
2376- regarding america 's action against bank sepah mazaheri said : the action that america has unilaterally taken against bank sepah is a tyrannical and bullying action which we together with the minister for the economy , have called assassination of the international financial system .
2377- mazaheri added : the fact that one country inflicts limits on others in the performance of free financial activities and commercial exchanges by bullying is not a correct act and it is certainly considered as damaging the health of the international financial system .
2378- emphasizing that iran is able to manage its own affairs in this respect said : america  s accusations against bank sepah based upon laundering by this bank are unfounded because so far there has not been even one case of complaint based upon money - laundering by a specific iranian bank .
2379- regarding market to market privatization the general president of the central bank also said : the atmosphere for this kind of privatization must be competitive and information regarding it exchanged freely and there should not exist any special kind of disgrace in that .
2380- emphasizing that tax exemption in this type of privatization should not be for specific organizations and people , he stipulated : these conditions can make the business atmosphere competitive and are a desirable incentive for private sector activity .
2381- the british defense and foreign ministers yesterday ( tuesday ) welcomed the announcements of nouri maleki the prime minister of iraq concerning the program for the transfer of responsibility for the security of basra province to iraqi forces by december ( azar ) current year .
2382- on the basis of this announcement , british and other foreign forces will act as the observer in the south of iraq after the official ceremonies for the transfer of control of the security of basra province .
2383- britain which after cooperating with america in the occupation of iraq , had deployed military forces in its four southern provinces , has hitherto transferred responsibility for the three other provinces except basra province , to iraqi forces .
2384- james foley the senior official for iraqi refugee issues in the american ministry for foreign affairs met feisal al - meqdad the syrian deputy minister for foreign affairs in damascus the day before and discussed the situation of iraqi refugees in syria .
2385- in the meeting with feisal al - meqdad james foley praised the efforts and measures of the syrian government to satisfy the needs of iraqi refugees and emigrants residing in syria and to provide their necessary living requirements .
2386- according to the report of the shinhoa news agency from baghdad , the non - governmental press freedom watchdog institute in iraq announced : the body of shahab mohammad , the correspondent of baghdad news newspaper who disappeared saturday morning in the al - jame  eh region to the west of baghdad was found in the north of baghdad .
2387- according to the report of reuters news agency from baghdad , after the meeting of the iraqi government dabbagh said : on the basis of this act foreign companies and their personnel will behave in accordance with iraqi laws .
2388- the temporary authority under american leadership had issued the law for the immunity of foreign companies by issuing a directive in $year .
2389- an official in the iraqi ministry of defense announced that all the tribal leaders of the frontier dialeh province who had been kidnapped three days before in the " al - sha  b " township in the north of baghdad had been freed .
2390- in the middle east america 's confrontation with iran has reached a climax and iraq also has a chaotic condition .
2391- in such a dangerous world ( for america ) the american center for foreign policy has undertaken an interview with zbigniew brzezinski the former national security advisor of that country who is among the foreign policy theoreticians of that country and you read it quoted from that center 's internet site .
2392- vladimir putin the russian president has stabilized his position in power in russia  s coming years and he has progressed to the point that he compares himself with franklin roosevelt the former american president .
2393- in my view the west should not fear putin .
2394- even if his personality is not so attractive again there exists no reason for this fear .
2395- in the end putin is an absolute ruler in the transmission period in russia .
2396- the meaning of transition period is the period in which russia 's situation is in a state of change from the geopolitical point of view and also internal nature .
2397- manteghi by stating that irankhodro company has used the foreign sites to build tabriz site said " irankhodro has the capability to make any car maufacturing site on any spot of the world with any budget and capacity en
2398- he said " by the support of local authorities especially the state government and members of parliament , this complex can be turned into a center for creating employment and development of advanced industries in manufacturing of parts with high technology .
2399- tombe stones in different cities of semnan province engraved with signs , symbols , words and phrases on them and their designs in different forms as historical and cultural identity of the past generations of this region will never vanish .
2400- also its geometrical figures , appearance , height and shortness are other characteristics that in the last two centuries have been used to express individual  s characterstics of the deceased in semnan province .
2401- the researcher of cultural heritage of semnan province said to irna " engraving of a two - sided comb on a tombstone femininity and one - sided comb masculinity of the deceased in shahrood damgan cities and parvar region of semnan .
2402- also fetures of star and cypress tree which are signs of young death can be seen on tombstones of parvar region of semnan and on graves of these people phrases " hopeless bride " and " unhappy youth " are visible .
2403- in this statement it has been said that peranab mokergy , indian foreign minister , will open this convention and morli diora , this country  s minister of natural oil and gas will speak at the opening session .
2404- is
2405- serini vasan , deputy of india  s ministry of natural oil and gas on thursday in an interview with p news agency 
2406- mohammad reza yazdani khorram , on wednesday in an interview with an irna journalist said several experts are involved in investigation about this issue and its final result will be known by the beginning of next week .
2407- by announcing that he had no specific view on this issue he emphasized " barzegar and moezzipoor are responsible for this issue and their view about holding tahkti cup in current year may be negative .
2408- the president of wrestling federation reminded " if we hold members of national team are not able to participate and spending will be useless and for this very reason these competitions may be postponed until khordad of the next year .
2409- yazdani khorram mentioned the reason for not holding these competitions holding thewrestling league and after that holding of the training camps for national team and also participation in different asian and european competitions to obtain olympic placements .
2410- yazdani khorram continued , " he has thought that he can add olympic medal to his collection of honours and medals of recent years and if he wants to return as head couch and or a wrestler we are prepared to accept him .
2411- yazdani khorram in continuation named alireza heidari as one of moezipoor  s supporters and emphasized " if the person wants to wrestle as the captain of the wrestling team he will be able to manage the team and this responsibility will be given to him as well .
2412- nevertheless , bardi mohammaov the president of turkmenistan embraced karimov president of uzbekistan in cold autumn weather in front of ruhit palace last week and warmly welcomed him .
2413- after this incident until now ashkhabad has many times severely criticized uzbeks for trying to assassinate niazov and has placed severe regulations at its borders for trafficking of uzbek subjects .
2414- moreover on second day of karimov 's visit to ashkhabad , the two presidents took part in the horse racing ceremony and bardi mohammadov presented a thoroughbred turkmen horse to uzbekistan president .
2415- also media made an extensive coverage of the news about islam karimov 's two - day visit until the beginning of current week and considered this visit the beginning of a new episode in relationship between the two neighboring muslim countries in central asia .
2416- it seems the trend in improvement of relationship between the two countries has flourished following islam karimov agreement for transmission of turkmenistan 's electricity power from uzbekistan 's soil to tajikistan on the sidelines of the recent convention of the heads of commonwealth countries in doshanbe .
2417- before holding this convention uzbekistan authorities were opposed to transmission of more than a billion kilowatt - hour electricity of turkmenistan to tajikistan through this country  s soil as ashkhabad not have membership in the union of electricity network unit of central asian countries .
2418- ashkhabad tashkent " similar to the islamic republic of iran encounter drug trafficking problem from afghanistan these two countries need bilateral and multilateral cooperation in order to fight against this destructive phenomenon .
2419- also uzbekistan for the reason of not having access to the sea has to strengthen its relationship with ashkhabad so that through turkmenistan and islamic republic of iran get access to turkey and the persian gulf .
2420- deputy speaker of the islamic consultative assembly , pointed at the deep political insight of that honorable man and stated " years after passing away of ayatollah khatami , signs of charity and blessings of services of this godly learned man is continued in yazd province .
2421- in this ceremony vice president aliabadi , the governor and representative of jurisprudent guardian of yazd province , representatives of ardakan , taft and meibod in islamic consultative assembly , friday imam and classes of people were present .
2422- from ayatollah khatami two works have been published one real fasting " that is the description of prayer for days of month ramadan and another " mirror of makarem " that is the description of makaremolakhlagh prayer of imam sajad ( peace be upon him ) .
2423- in iran also reading mathnavi is a magnificent and valuable tradition but sometimes it is heard especially in west they have taken the shell from molavi and thrown the nut away .
2424- he regarded molavi nurtured by many centuries of philosophy and islamic and koranic culture and said " molavi researchers should take care this essential fact is not forgotten .
2425- they should introduce molavi with all of characteristics in a way that its main essence which is divine truth is not forgotten .
2426- all his works are in persian and they have been translated into many other languages .
2427- he said my wife disagreed first but being penniless took our patience for this reason she agreed to collaborate with each other commit theft , at the time of thefts my wife would sit in the car and i would steal the tyres .
2428- after marriage he made me to use crystal drug and since he was unemployed we had to commit theft to get crystal and therefore he got me involved into his thefts .
2429- director general of government punishment of hormozgan by pointing at the increase in cases related to those accused of fuel distribution out of network said " those who misuse the lawful licenses and issued fuel drafts will be severely confronted .
2430- as per the thursday report of the islamic republic  s news agency seyyed hashem husseini in an interview with journalists added " unfortunately a number of licence holders for fuel specified to be used in agriculture , industry and even road construction sectors , remove the received fuel out of distribution network and or sell it .
2431- husseini also by pointing at that the actual statistics of number of agricultural wells hold licence for receiving fuel in this province was not available stated " a number of files have been also made in relation to their misuse of licence for receiving fuel .
2432- he pointed out " to prevent the continuation of this trend , a program has been enforced by the central headquarters to fight against smuggling as well as country inspection aiming for strong supervision over the issue of fuel licences and their place of consumption .
2433- with emphasis the basij role defending sovereignty of the country in different times he stated " when iraq invaded iran people from any group and age in the form of basij force entered the defense field .
2434- based on this report , the main reason for growth of the stock market value in month of mehr was the increase in the price of big companies shares such as mobarakeh steel and national copper and by paying attention to increase in the global price of metal products they faced market fortune and rise in the shares rate .
2435- the first month of autumn in addition to growth in variables of market value and tradings for stock market indexes also coincided with rising record of numbers and figures .
2436- everyday the number of americans who are not able to pay for the installments of their home loan is increasing and this issue has been the reason that mortgage provider companies in america have been forced to auction a major part of these houses .
2437- between years $year and $year many banks and companies that provide home loans , encouraged those who could not afford the received loan to buy a house .
2438- these loans had a low interest rate in the first two years but after two years according to the contract the interest rate has increased .
2439- on the other hand , since house prices have dropped in america , people who have difficulty with payment of their mortgage are not even able to pay the total of borrowed loan after selling their houses .
2440- foreign affairs , defense and national security commission of bahrain  s house of representatives approved an urgent proposal to stop any type of normalization of relationship and contact between bahrain and zionist regime and re - opening of the office for sanction the israeli goods .
2441- as irna reports , " khalid almoavedah " head of foreign affairs faction of bahrain parliament at the meeting of this faction with " sheikh khalid ben ahmad al khalifah " bahrain  s foreign affairs minister , requested from him to support the acts of parliament which are raised from the nation  s will .
2442- foreign affairs commission also considered the meeting of bahrain  s foreign affairs minister with his israeli counterpart an essential part of normalization of relationship with zionist regime which is not acceptable in formal and public levels .
2443- foreign minister of bahrain also by emphasizing that his meeting with his israeli counterpart had not been an individual action but it has taken place in arabic and international framework added " bahrain  s obligation to the resolutions of arab league and persian gulf countries must be observed .
2444- bahrain  s foreign minister in regards to this meeting  s objective said " this meeting was not held with the objective of normalization of relationship with zionist regime or trading with this regime , but for resolving the problems of palestinian nation and the analysis of the issue of barrier wall .
2445- sheikh adil almoavedeh in response to the comments of the foreign affairs minister regarding the office for the sanction of israeli goods said " office small volume but it was doing a great job and had an significant effect on identifying zionist organizations and placing them in the sanction list .
2446- the managing director of justice shares agency said " the information for the shareholders of justice in order to receive dividends has not been provided to sepah bank a complete and finalized manner as yet therefore it is not possible for this bank to pay dividends next few days .
2447- he added " soon and during the next few days this problem will be solved and in order to receive dividend the complete information of the shareholders will be provided to sepah bank to make it possible for the bank to pay en
2448- in many regional countries , the farmers manage the irrigation structures of their lands and the water distribution .
2449- some governments supervise the method of distribution and management of rivers water by forming some institutions .
2450- the foreign affairs , defense and national security commissions of bahrain ` s parliament of representatives ratified a proposal with urgency for stopping any normalization of the relations and contact between bahrain and zionist regime and reopening of the boycotting office of israeli goods .
2451- according to irna report , " khaled al - maavede " the head of the foreign affairs fraction of bahrain parliament in the meeting of this commission with " sheikh khaled bin - ahmad al khalifa " the minister of foreign affairs , asked him to support the ratified laws of the parliament rising from the nation will
2452- the foreign minister of bahrain said about the aim of this visit : this visit did not take place with the aim of normalizing the relations with zionist regime or transaction with this regime , but it was done for the removal of the problems of the nation of palestine and reviewing the issue of the retaining wall .
2453- sheikh adel al - maavede also in answer to the minister of foreign affairs statements concerning the boycotting office of the israeli goods said : the size of this office was small but it did a great action and had an important role in recognizing the zionist institutions and placing them in the boycott list .
2454- the head of the women  s affairs of the physical education organization said : the results of macao the second round of indoors asian games showed the power of women athletes of iran and their only problem concerning the results , is inexperience .
2455- he stipulated : different sport fields should be reviewed and after that by prioritizing and giving privilege to different fields and elements the players should be considered by the highest possibility of obtaining medals for this round of competitions .
2456- the head of the women  s physical education organization , introduced the development of substructures and sport spaces special for women in the central towns of every province as the most important aims of this office and said : by performing this plan women benefit more facilities and can reveal their abilities .
2457- according to mehr report , gheisar amin pour who was injured seriously few years ago in a accident , lost his kidneys and since that he was forced to do dialysis every week .
2458- it is in these times that some of his poems along with music turn into songs which becomes the whispering of the lips of youth and old .
2459- after stabilization and fame , the reputable publishers of the private sector showed their interest in publishing the poems of amin pour and at the first pace , morvarid publications his poems besides the poems of shamlou , forough , nima and 
2460- the president addressing tyrant powers and the enemies of iran  s nation stipulated : use sanction , we make ourselves , you know and experience has also proved iran  s nation turns all threats into opportunities quickly .
2461- he referring large investment in ghadir petrochemical plan said : our people are ready for presence and investment in all great plans ; we should try all iranians participate in the petrochemical industry and have a share .
2462- he added : our first statement to those who have started tumult and uproar of sanction is that we are not worried and iran  s nation turned every threats into an opportunity and this is an exclusive characteristic of this nation .
2463- mr ahmadinejad said : by looking at the ancient history of iran and a few past decades we see those who attacked iran  s nation and tried to wipe out this nation where they are and iran  s nation is in what position .
2464- the president stipulated : they know themselves sanctions do not have any effect on iran  s nation , but concerning their successive failures they are obliged to do an action that the laughable adventure of sanction is among those .
2465- mr ahmadi nejad added : sanction weapon has failed even for the small and limited countries in the present time of free trade and this action by america means spending from the others ` pocket .
2466- mr . ahmadi nejad addressing iran  s nation emphasized : we should stand on our own feet and even if the entire world gives us their goods at half - price , we should be precautious and make ourselves and be the exporter .
2467- mr . ahmadi nejad said : those who have feuded and crossed iran  s nation they do not have any place among iranians and other world nations and they have completely become isolated and even the heads of the governments and the authorities of the countries dislike to visit them .
2468- the president stipulated : iran  s nation asks us to confront with these actions and you know if a serious turning occurrs in our economic relations , you will lose because you are needy more to us .
2469- mr ahmadi nejad referring iran  s nation does not revenge insults and bad behaviors , said : the entire world know if iran  s nation makes a decision and does not fear of anyone .
2470- he recommended the european governments to separate their way from america and do not endanger the interests of their nations more than this and they know one cannot speak to iran  s nation with this literature .
2471- the president expressing that anyone in iran is not willing a particle of one hundred percent of their natural right said : the nuclear issue of iran has been closed ; do not bother yourselves in this adventure .
2472- motaki in this visit by positive evaluation of putin ` s trip to the islamic republic of iran and the results of caspian summit conference , declared : putin ` s trip to tehran and the caspian summit conference opened new capacities in front of the relations of two countries and the regional and international collaborations .
2473- we hope to strengthen the ideas of the heads of two countries by successive and constant consults in the framework of the interests and the sublime issues of two nations .
2474- according to the information and newspapers general office of the foreign ministry sergey laverov also by describing changes and the reflection of putin ` s trip to tehran said : the trip of mr putin to tehran had creative and positive results and identified the fields and new conception of two countries ` interests .
2475- we hope materialize the interests and the joint bilateral viewpoints by continuing the coming and going and consults through the suitable mechanisms .
2476- france  s news agency also quotting from inter fax declared that the minister of foreign affairs of russia emphasized in tehran yesterday that the unilateral economic sanctions against iran would not help to find a solution for iran  s nuclear case .
2477- the spokesman of the foreign affairs ministry also in reaction to the statements of the defense minister of france said : the statements of the defense minister of france in riyadh and abu dhabi are the repetition of irresponsible speeches which he had declared two months ago in doha .
2478- according to the spokesman office of the foreign ministry , seyed mohamad ali hosseini added : most regretfully , the statements of defense minister of france filled with the false information and the magnification of a forged scenario about the nature and peaceful aims of nuclear programs of islamic republic of iran .
2479- irna ` s report quoted from chinese media is indication this visit was done in conditions which the foreign minister of zionist regime expected he could acquire the support of china  s prime minister in intensification of sanctions against iran .
2480- the disarmament commission and international security of the general council of united nations approved the proposed resolution of islamic republic of iran with votes concerning the follow - up of the ratified laws of nuclear disarmament in the meeting of npt treaty members in years $year and $year .
2481- he added : if the soul is healthy human will not follow prostitution , sin and abnormality and a healthy society always follows to acquire science and learning , innovation , creativity , initiative and evolution .
2482- also he referring the existence of good sport talents in yazd province reminded : this province acquired first the university entrance examination of country and in the field of social delinquency has country .
2483- he referring the existence of active industrial section in yazd province said : we hope to connect industry with sport authorities ` cooperation in order to witness growth and prosperity of sport in yazd province .
2484- monuchehr manteghi , the managing director of iran khodro company also by expressing in this ceremony that the additional economic value of syria will increased by producing samand in this country , said : syria can accelerate its industrializing way by iran khodro ` s support .
2485- missing him is destructive for me and for all supporters of poetry and literature .
2486- he was a creative and outstanding poet and he was continously progressing towards the peaks of this great art .
2487- his death buried some desires , but it is a hope close comrades and friends this honored continue the way of conquering peaks .
2488- he and his fiends were the first beauteous and blessed revolution in the poetry field and the significant part of this garden  s freshness and manifestation indebted to the emergence and growth of this dear and his other fellows .
2489- god gives him back the rewards of his goodness by generosity and kindness and accepts him in his merciful and forgiving embrace today when he needs it more than the past .
2490- i condole that dear  s family and the survivors and friends and the disciples heartily .
2491- the furenal procession for the body of the memorable dr gheysar aminpour contemporary outstanding poet was done in a ceremonywith the wide presence of political , cultural and literary figures like hojat - al - islam val - muslemin dr seyed mohamad khatami the former president of our country from the house of iran  s poets this morning .
2492- according to our reporter , this ceremony started by reading the verses of koran and in continuance soheil mahmoudi as the host read aminpour ` s poem < hidden pains > which was accompanied by the attendants  sorrow and grief .
2493- then dr hassan habibi ; the head of persian language and literature academy , delivered some speeches about aminpour .
2494- dr habibi in his short speech was contented to mention the memories of the late amin pour and mentioned some points of his moral virtues and characteristics .
2495- dr habibi ` s choked and quivering voice at the time of speaking was the indication deep sorrow aminpour .
2496- then safar harandi the minister of culture and islamic guidance conveying the condolence message of the president and the cabinet proceeded to talk about the memorable aminpour ` s characteristics .
2497- parliamentary service : in the last minutes of today  s parliament meeting , ahmadi nejad introduced gholam hosein norouzi and aliakbar mehrabian as the ministers of oil and industries and mines respectively to the parliament in a letter to dr . gholam ali hadad adel .
2498- according to central news agency from baghdad , manucherhr motaki is due to visit the president jalal talebani and the prime minister of iraq nouri al - maleki for reviewing bilateral and regional issues today .
2499- the minister of foreign affairs of our country will visit the vice - presidents adel mahdi and tregh hashemi , the speaker of iraq  s parliament mohmoud mashhadani .
2500- the ambassador of portugal andro daknia , the periodic head of the european union was called to the human rights office of the foreign ministry .
2501- according to irna ` s report , seyed rasoul mousavi who was speaking in the international assembly of central asia and ghafgaz in tehran added : if the aim is to solve the problems of this country , the roots should be taken under consideration .
2502- this newspaper wrote : america will motivate iran only when itself needs it a lot if it does not it will resort to force .
2503- christian science monitor referring the new sanctions of washigtom against tehran has written : this action of america was welcomed by israeli authorities and they welcomed the intensified pressures on iran and introduced tel aviv  s achievements in the foreign policy .
2504- according to news staff of the mulana ` s eight hundred birthday commemoration congress , the beginning ceremony of the festival celebration of shams tabrizi was held with the presence of eastern azerbaijan governor general memarzadeh and the general secretary of the festival celebration ali asghar sheardost , and presenting report and speech by scientific secretary of the assembly dr avani .
2505- the final cermony is due to be held by the presence of the vice president esfandiar rahim mashayi and the head of cultural heritage , handicrafts and tourism organization .
2506- by finishing the studies electrifying mashhad railway which will be started as the first priority in electrifying project of the railway , the studies about electrifying the railways in the freight routs will be started .
2507- ghrabanali beig about the advantages of electrifying the railway reminded : electrifying , is a prerequisite of the express tracks .
2508- propounding this issue should not be regarded as defending the extravagances of serb nationalists or taliban .
2509- the main purpose of the congress of < the expansion of nato to euor - asia : the dimensions and outcomes > like other congresses of the studies office at the first instance it is collecting the information and political literature concerning the propounded issue and at the next instance it is sending information about that .
2510- this is the duty of other organizations to analyze the issue of being a threat or an opportunity of being a phenomenon on the basis of presented information .
2511- in a scientific congress different and even opposed are propounded , as we see in this congress that the completely different ideas are propounded .
2512- some defend nato ` s presence in ghafghaz , central asia and afghanistan and some are completely opposed to that .
2513- what is important for us as the organizer is the real information of the scene .
2514- we would be more successful real and concrete information we could of the propounded issues .
2515- of course it is certain that after having real information we can decide better along our national interests .
2516- nato ` s expansion is not regarded threat or an opportunity but it is in the opposition or accompanying with the national interests of the countries which mean a threat or an opportunity .
2517- i can give a more clear example concerning this .
2518- but if such convergence does not occur , nato ` s presence will be certainly a main threat for the national interests of countries .
2519- what image has the world experience of the influence of nato ` s presence in some areas of the world ? positive or negative .
2520- the world is at the beginning of the experience at the present .
2521- nato has not been present in any place of the world except europe and it is for the first time that this experience is examined and probably afghanistan is the first experience .
2522- however nato did military interference in serbia but the reality is that the military presence of nato in afghanistan is a completely new phenomenon .
2523- an european defense organization in a fighting asian country is in favor of one group and against another group .
2524- however nato entered afghanistan in the figure of fight against terrorism , but nato has involved in the fight against the centeral government  s rebels at present and this debate is farther than an antiterrorist fight .
2525- at present a great gap has been created among nato ` s members concerning the continuance of war in afghanistan .
2526- the experience of afghanistan will be a heavy and expensive experience for nato .
2527- nato can not make the role of united nations fade , however many efforts were done by america and other nato  s member countries to make nato the military arm of united nations .
2528- however the realities of international scene and america in imposing the unilateralism process over the entire international system despite its higher military power caused the united nations prefers to move on the basis of same process after the second world war base upon multilateralism .
2529- the reality of military power does not cause political legitimacy and this is the phenomenon that we are well witness of .
2530- there is no doubt that nato and america are regarded the greatest military power , but they cannot represent their decisions legitimate and they themselves need the united nations .
2531- however it should not be denied that the united nations also has role power but any how it is stopped in legitimacy edge .
2532- if the member countries of united nations can increase the power of the general assembly in front of the security council , we can be witness of a more effective role the united nations to play in international changes and this issue is possible .
2533- he said : islamic economy organization demanded the establishment of a comprehensive bank that had named it gharz - al - hasaneh without the content of its bank operations based upon gharz - al - hasaneh operations .
2534- tahmasb mazaheri in an interview with borna added : according to the suggestion which the islamic economy organization had sent to the central bank , this organization had demanded that the central bank gives the permission for the establishment of a bank under the title of gharz - al - hasaneh to the islamic economy organization .
2535- mazaheri said : according to the islamic economy organization , the name of the demanded bank like other banks of the country such as melat , saman and tejarat banks will be gharz - al - hasaneh the content of its bank operations without being based upon gharz - al - hasaneh operations .
2536- the director general of central bank added : because of this reason we announced to the islamic economy organization that we could not issue the license for establishing gharz - al - hasaneh bank in this way ; because the name of gharz - al - hasaneh refers to the content not to have only a name of a bank .
2537- he stipulated : in the case of clearing up all matters and the process of bank work , we will be its opening soon .
2538- these standards followed the critique of islamic economy organization that since long time ago were looking for establishing a bank under the title gharz - al - hasaneh by gathering the interest - free funds as a subset of this organization .
2539- islamic economy organization believed that the announced standards by central bank , were hard - line and the funds under the cover of this organization could not take an action to establish gharz - al - hasaneh bank in framework these standards even in the case of gathering with each other too .
2540- therefore , the authorities of islamic economy organization propounded their previous demand of central bank for establishing a interest - free bank by this bank that has been encountered with central bank  s opposition .
2541- according to his statement , the proposed plan of islamic economy organization for establishing a gharz - al - hasaneh bank is different from the ratified plan of money and credit council that the state and private banks are forming a gharz - al - hasaneh bank on the basis of that .
2542- " behroz farahmand " in conversation with irna ` s reporter added on monday : the export of iran  s trout has done by shilan kish company to saudi arabia for iranian hajjis ` consumption in the fist stage .
2543- " abd - alkarim heydarizadeh " added : a coherent planning is in the course of performing for finding new markets in the countries saudi arabia , kuwait , emirates , kyrgyzstan , kazakhstan for trout produced in isfahan province .
2544- the fishery of isfahan province asked trout breeders to perform the phases of breeding , fishing and industrial freezing under the supervision of the experts of this office for keeping the quality of produced fish in order to keep its desirability for presenting in other countries .
2545- a researcher and an indian professor who heading a five person council for participating in a conference concerning iran and india relations in tehran ` s shahid beheshti university is setting out for iran , said : india and iran should concentrate their attention towards the east .
2546- professor " m 
2547- nalapet in a private interview with irna reporter in new delhi said on monday that more investment on the west will not have any benefit for india and iran because the west countries will not support the growth and development of india and iran .
2548- " nalapet " who had the responsibility of coordinating the editors of high - circulated english language newspaper " times of india " added : at the time of shah iran was the adherent of america and india took sides with soviet unions .
2549- russia also under the presidency of " bouris yaltsin " and the first in charge of " valdir putin " had concentrated its attention towards the west , but at present the leaders of that country understood that the firm and extensive relations with the east countries are more advantageous .
2550- this famous indian article writer added : another reason for increasingly the extension of india  s relation with iran is that iran is the only ground bridge for india for reaching the countries of central asia region and afghanistan .
2551- he added : iran also is one of the most important of religious thoughts and reflections in the world and because of motivating coordination between different religions and conversation between religions , good relations between india and iran is essential .
2552- iran has never supported the aggressive operations in india .
2553- in addition to this , india needs energy and iran possesses great recourses of energy in the world .
2554- therefore close , extensive and firm relations between two civilized countries are inevitable .
2555- even the poet  s commitment to art for art itself is a kind of partiality .
2556- the partiality to the language physics and ignoring the external contextual references which itself is considered a kind of declaring position against the references .
2557- and the revolution verse too .
2558- the constitutional verse leads to nima and the revolution verse also to the bound religious verse with today  s political and social sense .
2559- partial verse is an extravert verse and its ego a plural ego .
2560- extraversion of this verse appears because of the extent and comprehensiveness of great political and social events and subduing of the poet against expressive appetency and journalistic space and the power of common addressee and it often changes the work to a merely meaning conveyer medium .
2561- i am going because karbala called me now.
2562- but there are some poets that even in this situation do not forget effort for establishing a kind of balance between form and content .
2563- although gheysar aminpour often is subdued the powerful circulation partial verse he mostly achieves remarkable successes for reaching that balance .
2564- then he tries establish place a balance between form and content and between familiar poetic tradition and innovative and unfamiliar poetic heresies in the frontispiece of his work and passes the success borders .
2565- his extensive studies in the field of tradition and innovation and their complex relation which has been outcropped in his very valuable book the tradition and innovation in the contemporary verse , have taken his under arms in this difficult and long way .
2566- thus he never fell in the trap of extravagant and radical innovative circulations of recent two or three decades of iran  s verse and also no one could call his verse traditional or radical .
2567- in other words the poetic movement and evolution of gheysar aminpour has been done from the primary extravert plural ego to the final introverted distinguished personal ego very reasonably , cautiously and patiently that has immunized his verse from any soft accepted poetic deviation of his time .
2568- it is interesting that this movement and evolution in his all beloved figures which named before come into view with an equal ratio .
2569- where is it ? / how many times / the tatters pockets turn up side down : / a few folded tickets / a few old and crumpled money notes / a few black coins / a shopping list / a shopping list of the internal goods .
2570- an inevitable day that all poets will experience but only some of them will come near the peak which he reached .
2571- however most of them will not have his great and wonderful humility and for this reason they will never experience acceptability aminpour .
2572- gheysar found comfort in his birthplace the soil is still waiting for gheysar in the memory of persian poetry dying youth i don  t know where you are or who you are
2573- even when mosharaf used the coup detat against navaz sharif in $year .
2574- the religious people were the first persons who shook mosharaf ` s hand and congratulated him now the equation has been reversed and new coalition has come to existence between the political ( navaz sahrif ) and the religious people against militaries .
2575- from general mosharaf ` s view point a domestic factor and a foreign factor have prevented his government from confronting the extremists seriously .
2576- in the domestic field the considerations of judicial power and its interference in the affairs which are out of its jurisdiction and in foreign field the insistence of america on the restitution of democracy have caused pakistan  s interior instabilities .
2577- it seems mosharaf is ready embark upon keeping the militaries power in the political structure of pakistan at any price and in this field the extremist groups behavior are both excuse and reality .
2578- the explosion near the military domiciles is a warning to mosharaf ` s government concerning the increase of radical paramilitaries ` ability .
2579- the explosion which occurred in rawpendi a few days ago had one kilometer distance from the military station of mosharaf .
2580- the director general of public relations of substructure communication company reminded : the tender of this project has been announced in the past few days and will be published in wide circulation newspapers soon .
2581- he said : this factor beside other factors and the strong affecting of farmers ` income by fluctuations of market price have caused insurance yet give a suitable answer to the farmers ` needs .
2582- political service : the president in the general assembly meeting of asia and oceania tv radio union - 
2583- according to our reporter , dr ahmadinejad in this ceremony which was held in the center of tv and radio congresses added this morning : recognizing and introducing the valuable features of civilization and culture of the east the most important duty of a 
2584- is u
2585- the president stating this complex
2586- the head of superior council of cultural revolution underlined : unfortunately the tyrant powers by instrumental use of the medias and the heart of realities proceed to despise other nations and cultures and the unilateral injecting of selective information and historical , informational , mental , political falsifications and
2587- specially among teenagers and the youth and guide world relations towards their interests .
2588- ahmadinejad added in this field : they introduce the most criminal persons the men of peace and the most peace - loving person warmonger .
2589- they press people under transient excitements in order they do not have an opportunity for thinking about their own facilities and civilized heritages .
2590- they seek to make disappointment towards our historical nations ` propertiesbut they consider themselves invincible and the desires of our nations inaccessible in return .
2591- engineer seyed ezat - allah zarghami added : in my view a
2592- according to the assistant of planning and supervision of vice presidency the credit for performing civil services bill in the budget bill of the next year has not foresighted , because performing this bill needs to compile statutes whose compilation will be time taking .
2593- while this lawwas due to be executed from the beginning of the current year .
2594- in southern khorasan like other provinces of the country many plans and development projects are in process and concerning that cement is most principal materials development plans , the problem of lack of cement has been influenced the speed of performing some projects .
2595- by establishing tens of new cement factories in the country level during the next two or three years such as bagheran cement factory , not only the cement problem of the country will be solved but also this product will be turned into one of the export products .
2596- while it is not even specified that whether the mentioned bill meet the approval of parliament because of its normally reviewing this year .
2597- he in reply to this question that whether the government will present a bill for providing deficit to the parliament or not ? stated : the deficit of the budget is propounded in relation to the non - achievements .
2598- according to him if the budget reformation is due to be done , not for the purpose of compensating shortages , but it will be for the purpose of compensating personnel payments .
2599- plan campaign in the planning and guiding supervision vice - presidency is reviewing various issues at present
2600- he referred the high council of planning and specifying its personnel by the president and added : these persons should sketch and determine the general frameworks that in what direction the plan should be adjusted .
2601- hosseini specified : we should move concurrently and same direction with them or enter policies which they have sketched , but what is related to the jurisdiction of planning and guiding supervision vice - presidency has started .
2602- he concerning the accomplished changes in the former management and planning organization expressed : the structure of planning and guiding supervision of vice - presidency is being composed and it has not yet been officially announced .
2603- the parliamentary and provincial affairs assistant of the planning and guiding supervision vice - presidency pointed : the adjustment of the forces has not yet been specified and its chart and the description of duties should be notified thus the forces should be employed accordingly .
2604- he underlining the islamic republic of iran  s decisive policy is this that it never ignores its right in the continuation of the peaceful nuclear activity , said : fulfilling the enrichment activity in iran  s territory remains in force .
2605- the international assistant of atomic energy referring some issues which are propounded concerning iran  s verification said : that some express the verification should be done for the future this is reading the intentions which is not a technical and legal affair .
2606- he referring that in previous negotiations concerning the plutonium issue we had judgments but we withheld expressing them , stipulated : our interpretation about the work that we are doing according to the modality is this that the process of negotiations is a successful process .
2607- vaidi also in another reply concerning the next round of the negotiations of national security council secretary of our country and the head of europe  s foreign policy , expressed : the next round of negotiations until the end of november has been propounded by two sides and its accurate time and place will be announced .
2608- he added : what is clear in the previous round of negotiations , the next appointment between the head of europe  s foreign policy and jalili that this appointment will remained .
2609- according to irna , at present the competition in the democrat party is actually among hilary clinton , barak obama and john edwards and in the republican party camp also rudi juliani and john mac kein are front - runners .
2610- the campaigns of the republican party in the current year is remarkable from this that the first candidate in the country level does not have the first vote in neither of two states which will hold first election next year .
2611- among the white protestants of eva angelical , juliani has equal popularity with mac kein and thompson but among the social conservatives of the republican party , juliani does not have any popularity because he supports abortion and the rights of homosexuals .
2612- tehran - the islamic republic news agency : ayatollah akbar hashemi rafsanjani expressed hope in the second sermon of this week friday prayer that america takes up the correct and logical way and the negotiation in the equal conditions with the parties one day .
2613- the head of expediency discernment council stipulated : we hope controls america  s politicians and takes up correct and logical way and negotiation in the equal conditions with the parties and experience the result of the right way once .
2614- the head of the assembly of leadership experts in the mean time expressed : if america causes quarrelsome , all nations will understand soon that america has committed a gross mistake .
2615- ayatollah hashemi rafsanjani referring iraq war said : according to the document which america 's congress published two or three days ago , iraq war expense two thousand and four hundred billion dollars .
2616- he stating that america has paid many casualties and costs , said : this way is wrong and the wrong way is the swamp .
2617- the friday preacher of tehran stipulated that unfortunately america instead of taking a lesson of this event , threats .
2618- he added that the threatening has negative influences and if this treat is fulfilled , will make a great swamp both for itself and for the people of the area and the end of it is not imaginable .
2619- the head of expediency discernment council referring the cooperation of iran with the international atomic energy agency and abaradei ` s recent speeches who said one should wait , negotiate and discuss in order to result .
2620- ayatollah hashemi rafsanjani expressed that threatening and taking up the way of force and threat , is not rationality is < mischievousness > .
2621- the friday preacher addressing the statesmen of the white house stipulated : if you suppose you can subjugate islam  s power by force and tank and psychological war , it is wrong .
2622- you went to this wrong way and reach here today .
2623- ayatollah hashemi rafsanjani added : today , the situation of the world is not good and the world has been caught by and greedy powers that they are not content with what they have but they think to get something from others .
2624- ayatollah hashemi rafsanjani also treasured the memory of the martyr hussein fahmideh and said : fahmideh ` s martyrdom , is a history - making event .
2625- he went under the wheel of the tanks in order to teach others and move the youths  vein and their blood boil and today the student 's basij is a branch of this huge tree .
2626- the friday preacher expressed hope if something is due to happen on the day of fight against world it should be along exalting the system and the islamic revolution improvement .
2627- the head of expediency discernment council expressed : the islamic researchers for discovering the realities of history can achieve new information about the islam history and the prophet conduct by using expansive informing system .
2628- he added : it is famous that in the koran of ali peace be upon him which is not available for us the order of verses had been clear , if it is so the islam world has been a lot because of this manuscript .
2629- the head of general inspection organization of the country said : tenders and auctions are one of the bottlenecks of economic violations and corruptions that if they are not supervised and attention these corruptions will be generated .
2630- saud alfeisal in conversation with middle east economic digest magazine claimed that iran has mentioned this plan as an interesting idea and is due to announce its answer based upon the agreement or opposition with it in next days .
2631- the mentioned plan which was talking about the establishing of an organization with the participation of persian littoral arab counties for presenting enriched uranium to iran during the first minutes its discussion was faced with the opposition of russia .
2632- saud alfeisal in his conversation with middle east economic while regarding the idea of his own country as the way of solving the original issue of tension between the west and iran but it also referred to america that has not any participation in this plan .
2633- feisal who offered this proposal in a trip to england last thursday and said : we believe that this work should be done in a neutral country such as switzerland .
2634- the head of national security and foreign policy stating those countries can participate in the consortium that they themselves possess nuclear technology , underlined : this consortium can form in case that the place of that to be in the islamic republic of iran .
2635- he , underlining this plan has been offered by a country which is the speaker of the west in the middle east added : how it is possible to form a consortium for providing the required uranium of the counties of an area but its station to be out of the region .
2636- the reporter of the national security and foreign policy commission of the parliament also did not regard saudi arabia  s plan based upon the formation of a consortium for enriching uranium out of the middle east a new offer and said : this proposal is completely vague and needs a lot discussions in the world arena .
2637- he regarded saudi arabia  s offer for forming the consortium a completely vague proposal and stipulated : this offer needs many discussions in order that the conception of a consortium be defined .
2638- he finally stipulated : however that the developing countries by cooperating with each others and use their abilities in a comprehensive form by forming some consortiums can create a kind of convergence among the developing countries .
2639- rasoul mousavi also referring the offer of forming the enrichment consortium among the arabian countries in a neutral country said : if this offer takes iran  s competency in performing enrichment in its soil under question , it will not be acceptable by iran  s people and elites .
2640- another report is that , the interior ministry of the selected palestine government demanded the arab union to give a positive answer concerning holding an urgent meeting for reviewing the recent crimes of zionist regime in gaza .
2641- at the threshold of holding the middle east peace conference , the foreign secretary of america visited his israeli counterpart and talked to him concerning the ways for removing generated deadlock in israel and palestine negotiations .
2642- tezipi ioni , the foreign minister of zionist regime in a common meeting with condoleezza rice , the foreign secretary of america , expressed that negotiations with the authorities of palestine at the threshold of peace conference has been suspended .
2643- ioni said about this : we are confronting some problems there are some disagreements on the way plan .
2644- we should reach an agreement based upon that the independent palestine country will be established only after being assured of the israel security .
2645- he added : now is the time when we all should make difficult decisions because of reaching peace .
2646- mahmoud abas said : we are passing difficult days in negotiating with israel and we are trying to prepare the fields for holding international peace conference and composing a negotiable document in the next phase of this conference .
2647- hanieh expressed : the government personnel continue their task in gaza , but they have not received salary because of the siege , while the personnel in the west bank sit at their houses and receive the salary monthly .
2648- the explosion , shook one of the bases of ghosam battalions , the military branch of hamas movement in the center area of gaza strip .
2649- according to the received report from gaza , the witnesses said : the ambulances and aid forces hastened for rescuing the probable wounded of this explosion to the accident location .
2650- many people of this country tired of crime and felony and murder hope that elections create a new start for this country .
2651- but this elections has caused the statistics of massacre in guatemala goes much beyond the average of the past years in few recent months .
2652- the case leads to the point that the international pardon organization and the united nations urged the control of elections ` violence in someletters .
2653- the remarkable point in this elections which has caused the disappointment of foreign supervisors is that many local candidates of this elections are members of the criminal groups and bands of drugs .
2654- this charity show was starting from the morning of the next day .
2655- he is one of the leaders of smuggling gangs of cocaine and car in jotiapa city too and now it is many years that the extraterritorial fighting against drugs organizations are seeking and completing the documents for his arrest .
2656- the united states of america has forbidden the entrance of castlo to the soil of this country and has issued an arrest warrent for him .
2657- the reason of this expelling was also the manifestation of his smuggling activities and his relation with drugs gangsters of southern america .
2658- these events did not stop castlo from participating in today  s elections and now he is participating in these elections as an independent and no party candidate .
2659- in guatemala the felony and crime usually do not prevent people from reaching political titles .
2660- he enjoys a good chance now for entering the guatemala parliament because of his expensive elections propagandas .
2661- the mayors , the members of civic councils and congress are more or less immune from the judicial pursuit .
2662- the peace agreement which was signed by the aim of decreasing the number of army and confronting with the paramilitary groups has been never performed completely .
2663- many former authorities of this country have established a private security company after the end of the term of their responsibility .
2664- these armed men form the death squads and hunt the homeless children and the family less youths for joining their groups .
2665- many of these persons work for the drugs gangster .
2666- guatemala is one of the most significant bridges for transiting drugs to mexico and the united states of america .
2667- according to the united nations  statement , the organized criminals have penetrated inside the government at present .
2668- the forerunner candidate of the presidential elections of guatemala is alvaro clom the leftist politician who was strongly protected by security forces and bodyguards in the recent days .
2669- it is natural that americans consider themselves the leaders of today  s world because they say we have worked on this issue more than others .
2670- this liberal culture which defend , all social terms must be specified that which path is more profitable and has more profit and benefit .
2671- second the cultural social man must be happy and enjoy in this world this is the american logic , no one can stand against this logic any more as the world is moment by moment moving toward corruption it is metmorphosed and hollowing from inside .
2672- the social relations between nations are disappearing nations lose their resistance and patience and surrender they withdraw step by step and trench to trench .
2673- this issue can be compared and studied in different modern societies .
2674- it is natural that besides the massive capacity of this region from economic point of view , the increase in iran 's presence and influence in latin america is regarded as challenging washington in a place once united states  strategic depth .
2675- associated press in an analytical report has dealt with the recent trip of iran  s president to bolivia and venezuela and stressed iran and venezuela are moving toward strengthening their alliance against america .
2676- this news agency in order to provide evidence for its claim states that ahmadinezhad upon arriving in bolivia announced that no body can defeat us together .
2677- this news agency also considers this point that ahmadinezhad entered bolivia after attending the general assembly of the united nations as a country in which iran has committed to making a one billion dollar investment .
2678- according to this american news agency iran  s president upon arrival in venezuela emphasized that imperialism has no choice any more and then he said to coercers either respect the people of the world or accept defeat .
2679- ahmadinezhad stipulated " we will continue our opposition to imperialism which its time has come to an end .
2680- bolivia  s president , ovo morales also has called ahmadinezhad  s trip to this country historical considering that tehran and lapaz have recently expanded their diplomatic relations .
2681- the democrat senator , bob mendez  s words indicating that this budget must help revitalize united states  leadership in latin america are in fact the acknowledgement of the success of iran  s foreign policy in this region .
2682- albaradei  s words stating that there exists no evidence indicating that iran is after nuclear weapons confirms iran  s reasonable cooperation with the international atomic energy agency and iran  s activities are in line with this agency  s regulations .
2683- so considering these details , it is natural that albaradei clearly supports iran  s nuclear stances and it is regrettable that americans are still trying to create a negative propaganda environment against iran through comments that do not follow any logic .
2684- america with these measures showed that it is not interested in the nuclear problem of iran being solved and it is after using this issue as a means to exert pressure on iran .
2685- according to mehr news agency , the cabinet ratified the bylaw of providing facilities for government employees requesting for transference from tehran and metropolises to other cities of the country based on the joint suggestion of the ministry of housing and urbanization and presidential strategic planning and supervision department .
2686- and in its note it is stated , upon transference of the employees and request for the retention of the child studying in tehran , he will be provided with dormitory .
2687- this nuclear arsenal which has doubled during the last decade has been derived from reprocessing of the uranium fuel consumed in the nuclear power plants of the country of england .
2688- so to stop the impolitic expansion of this arsenal it is necessary the reprocessing of uranium fuel .
2689- plutonium which is one of the most noxious nuclear radiations is created when uranium fuel consumed in nuclear power plants is reprocessed to make uranium which can be used again .
2690- it is possible to reprocess the plutonium produced in this process and to make mixed oxide mox out of it .
2691- so the accumulation of this amount of plutonium in england  s nuclear arsenal is very dangerous .
2692- one of the options suggested in this report is to release the consumed fuel after coming out of the reactor .
2693- in the report it is stated that this substance has such a radiation that nothing can be done with it .
2694- the second option suggested in this report to prevent the increase in the amount of stored plutonium in the arsenal is to produce mox and then leave it unprocessed .
2695- the consumed fuel has more radioactivity and using it in a weapon is much more difficult to plutonium because first it must be processed .
2696- the government of england has raised this question whether new power plants must be constructed to replace the old and worn or not
2697- the government of england has announced that constructing new power plants is needed to provide energy security for this country and to confront the climate change crisis .
2698- nuclear power plants generate little carbon dioxide and they have a lesser role the warming of the planet earth .
2699- the environmentalists in england say these consultations london government are superficial and just for calming protests .
2700- these groups say that government of england is determined to construct new power plants .
2701- of course the environmentalist groups in england have announced that they would refer to court to prevent this action of the government of england .
2702- the england government  s attempt to construct new power plants also led to objection of some university personalities of this country .
2703- selection of " mahmoud moezipour " as the head coach of iran  s adults freestyle wrestling national team by wrestling federation was a proper choice but the new head coach of our country  s freestyle wrestling national team must pay attention to some basic points for the success of this team in $year olympic games in beijing .
2704- in baku of the republic of azerbaijan , failure of iran  s adults freestyle wrestling national team in $year world games made our country  s wrestling environment chaotic and improper and this messy situation resulted in many tensions and side issues .
2705- one of the obvious attributes of moezipour is that he knows the efficient and influential individuals in iran  s wrestling well and can properly interact with them .
2706- moezipour is an intellectual and thinker and even knows politics well and how to speak in any place and condition and how to act so no one is offended .
2707- but the attribute which was able to introduce moezipor as the head coach of iran  s freestyle wrestling national team was his good relation with the technical manager of iran  s freestyle wrestling national teams " mansoor barzgar " .
2708- but meanwhile it is necessary to mention a few points for the success of iran  s adults freestyle wrestling national team in the $year beijing olympic games to the new head coach of iran  s freestyle wrestling national team .
2709- firstly mahmoud moezipor must clearly determine the domain and description of his duties and we should not again be witness to multiplicity of power in administrative issues .
2710- moezipor must determine his so - called " red lines " for wrestling officials and not permit them to go beyond these red lines which are their forbidden domains .
2711- mahmoud moezipor must be honest with the wrestling community .
2712- clearly and plainly recite the problems and troubles which may lie in the path of the head coach of freestyle wrestling national team in the way of realization of wrestling  s supreme goals so that the position of enemy and friend is determined .
2713- success of freestyle wrestling national team moezipor must have the capacity to accept criticism and consider such criticisms as guidance for himself and adhere to in all of his decisions .
2714- he must establish serious and powerful communication with all willing and influencing forces in wrestling .
2715- the persons who can lead iran  s wrestling toward intended purpose and must create roles in the sport of wrestling .
2716- moezipor must pass the test through choices of coaches and gather the wrestlers of the national team without side issue as soon as possible .
2717- he must use coaches in the freestyle wrestling national team who only care for wrestling not for their own professional future .
2718- he must gather freestyle wrestling  s thinking and experienced forces near himself collectively they can perform a part of the task by new thoughts and modern thinking so that traditional and dated thoughts gradually leave iran  s wrestling .
2719- dr behmanesh , a specialist in criminal issues believes that the main root of a tendency for violation of the law exists in the law itself and most laws because of having deficiencies , keep loopholes open for violators and most violations take place also through these loopholes .
2720- now let  s return from the field of competition and the arena of sports to the area of social relations .
2721- tahmasebi believed that cement should be taken out of the supportive basket and instead a price should be determined for it so as to be able to control the market in this manner .
2722- in a way that it even led the officials of japan  s tv to appreciate iran for turning this serial into an ethical series .
2723- note the river  s water seems clean and transparent , heedless of the fact that a distance farther up there might be sewerage in the course of the river .
2724- companies highest production and the best management have been privatized , but the continuation and completion of reforms in the public sector is a very difficult issue .
2725- the possibility of enjoying higher education has greatly increased
2726- on the other hand it  s well known that many of the shiites in iraq had joined the ranks of the muslim brotherhood .
2727- at the beginning of the war ali mohammad , left class , lesson and discussion for the fronts of truth against false and aiming at guarding the achievements of islamic magnificent revolution and protecting the religion and motherland went to battlefronts .
2728- he bought the taste of warm soil of the south and the hardship of the mountains of the west with his sweet life and with all his being fought and roared .
2729- expansion of the level of sporting relationships between tehran and yerevan , sending sporting teams of iran and armenia to the international competitions held in the two countries , exchanging coaches and ]
2730- is among the topics that in the memorandum of understanding signed between iran and armenia have been addressed .
2731- tromen said : success of iranian team was based on two fundamental principles , first players  talent , their very high motiovation for victory and their skills in basketball , and second principle order and discipline and group cooperation spirit which existed in the team .
2732- in this way during four months a spirit was created in the team that every single player was ready for any kind of sacrifice and didn  t spare any effort .
2733- regarding the transfer of some iranian players to foreign leagues he said : some of players like hamed hadadi can play in european leagues and gain valuable experience .
2734- the presence of iranian players in foreign leagues raises their technical level and experience to a remarkable degree .
2735- i heard from one of my friends that partizan belgrade is interested in attracting hamed hadadi but apparently they haven  t made a definite decision yet .
2736- hamed can even in the olympics be one of the best .
2737- he at the end of his speech regarding acceding of basketball team to the olympics said : acceding of iranian basketball to the olympics is a historical event and because of this for the first time basketball could remove football and settle on the first page of newspapers and publications .
2738- farhad majidi signing a one year contract joined tehran  s esteghlal football team .
2739- korbakandi regarding coaching in first class team of bandar abbas municoipality said : unfortunately in iran  s football nobody cares about the first class league and all concentrate on the premier league .
2740- at present considering the conditions of football federation , we don  t know from when the games will start .
2741- these conditions will make working in a first class team harder and i should try excessively .
2742- he reiterated : the guards corps , is an entity spurt out from the context of the people .
2743- it  s placed in the heart of iranian people and people have not forgotten that this entity in the war , had such braveries and with all its essence , defended the existence of country .
2744- larijani in responding to the question of a reporter based on being said this issue , is a prelude to war against iran , added : it is very surprising .
2745- meanwhile it is absolutely false and we are very surprised by this action .
2746- larijani reiterated : it is a cause of regret that americans , use this incorrect method .
2747- if want to bombard a region , like what they did in north of baghdad , they can make up different excuses .
2748- he considered the claims of this american military commander irrational and unrealistic and said : even sometimes they said that some of the weapons are imported from iran and on them is written " made in iran " , whereas these cases were wrong .
2749- he added : three rounds of negotiations have been held so far .
2750- if they had a word , they could have said it in the negotiations or declare it through the office of protection of their interests in the swiss embassy in iran
2751- we have received no message in this regard .
2752- they have just raised a tumult and made noises .
2753- gorge gebur , dealt with the complicated security problems in iraq and said : at the recent meeting of the security committee of iraq neighbors in damascus , harmony of views of syrian and iraqi sides made the ground - work for establishing joint committees for studying security problems of iraq .
2754- he , also , some of the obstacles facing economic cooperation of the two countries and said : it is expected , in this trip , economic agreements for removing the existing obstacles and creating openings in relationship , be signed .
2755- he introduced the objective of this activity more acquaintance of youth and teenagers and encouraging them to quran reading and their getting ever closer to the high teachings of the true religion of islam .
2756- he added : iranian karate in the world class is very prominent so that in the last year  s finland world competitions iranian men karate fighters succeeded to gain two gold medals and two bronze and gain the third place in the world in the committee field .
2757- ha added , outside of pakistan this image exists that this country politically does not have stability however , these problems , haven  t caused its customers to abandon this country because of fear .
2758- exporting of russian gas to armenia because of the start of repair work of north caucasia gas pipeline in georgia  s soil was stopped .
2759- repair of this pipeline will last one week and after this period the export of russian gas to armenia will be resumed .
2760- an official of russian federal atomic energy agency on monday said : in the course of putin  s visit to australia a cooperation agreement between russia and australia regarding peaceful use of atomic energy will be signed .
2761- he introduced the holding of the gathering of the literary songs of rug weavers throughout the country , presenting top articles about rug , the national competition on painting and photography of rug and the glorification of protagonists of this filed as side programs of this fair .
2762- japanese media reported that it seems that this action of american house of representatives is taken following the rise of concern in this country about the leaking of information concerning the technology of this advanced fighter .
2763- damascus - " nuri al - maleki " prime minister of iraq in the evening of monday in damascus conferred with " walid al - moallem " foreign minister of syria about the two countries relations .
2764- in this meeting the importance establishing agreement covering all iraqi groups , for returning security and stability to iraq was emphasized
2765- deli - times " newspaper in report from beijing wrote : china has assured iran about beijing support of iran against efforts america for isolating tehran over the nuclear issue .
2766- united nations - " michele montas " speakesman united nations secretary general said that special representative united nations for human rights and refugees has strongly expressed worries about afghanistan conditions and possibility rising numbers refugees this region .
2767- " karat " described the negative vote india in two consecutive meetings board international atomic energy agency to iran nuclear activities in year $year as a sign of america pressure .
2768- he added : repeated claims of indian officials based on lack influence foreign pressures on foreign policy india  cause trust while speakesmen of bush administration often have said that indian stance against iran test for india .
2769- secretary general of india  s communist marxist party explained the history of clashes between left parties and the united progressive coalition government and said : the first serious clash of the government with parties of the left took place at the time of position changing of the united progressive coalition government against iran  s nuclear program .
2770- distribution of entry card to the exam session of applicants in every township ( except for townships of parand , karaj and tehran ) will be according to their year of birth in the morning and afternoon of tuesday and wednesday in the specified places
2771- he stated : the supreme leader also always in his guidance has emphasized the importance of this zone and the negligence of some officials and managers to this subject means bringing in question the goals of the system .
2772- he emphasizing that not placing importance in a desirable way on the zone of information technology is a prevalent case in the country , said : one of the most important reasons of the occurrence of such a condition is lack of a specified supervisor for this zone .
2773- the general manager of kohgiluye bowayr ahmad information technology office continued : existence of numerous councils in the area of information technology has caused that a suitable coordination for advancing of it program doesn  t happen .
2774- the interviewees believe that several entities are active in the mosques that in some cases also suffer from routine and parallel working that by appointing a specific supervisor of affairs of mosques can add to their mobility and glory .
2775- managing director of cultural , sport club of bandar abbas municipality continued : it is by using these principles that we can bring good achievement at the end of the season for people and fans as a gift because people see your results and judge .
2776- shojaee added : there are accounts and books and players are going to be responsible to korbakandi and shouldn  t come out of the player position and we also won  t let you speak instead of the supervisor , coach and physician of the team .
2777- he addressing the players : i ask kindness you have towards us keep the peace and know that every kind of your positive behavior will cause honor of group and your inappropriate behavior should be responded by us .
2778- in the composition of the media board for visiting the process of projects  progress and approved plans of the cabinet in the province of sistan and bluchestan , in addition to the domestic news agencies  reporters and correspondents , television channels , domestic press , the reporter of french news agency was also present .
2779- the pipeline for transferring crude gas from asaluye to sistan and baluchestan is one of the most important cabinet approved projects in this province that by the media board despatched from tehran and after some hours flying by helicopter line was surveyed near iranshahr .
2780- doctor drake j
2781- in the book researched and compiled by " hossein ali poor madani " regarding kashan jame  mosque is written : this building is located in baba afzal street and related to the first islamic centuries that has more antiquity than other historical buildings .
2782- although it is possible some others also have made some objections but they soon became involved in the party and individual interests .
2783- the deputy head of the commission on national security and foreign policy against this question that whether there is still capitulation in the world replied : today too there is capitulation .
2784- but not with that name .
2785- right now the white house chooses president for nations and same proximity and our neighborhood , they interfere in their internal affairs stage coups determine the fate and people can  t do anything .
2786- and achieve independence from this exertion of influences .
2787- hamid reza babaee even went deeper : capitulation behavior also exists in the international manner .
2788- they can abolish others  vote with one vote of theirs in international sessions .
2789- they think for others .
2790- they make decision for others .
2791- like the security council which continuously ratifies political ratifications and veto the general assembly  s vote .
2792- or they put the rulers  council under pressure against iran which is in reality a global capitulation .
2793- the deputy head of the commission on national security and foreign policy regarding the continuation of imam  s line in these new issues said : imam  s line is clear .
2794- today , a person who has withstood like imam  s resistance against capitulation against the same capitulation behavior is the leader of revolution .
2795- if a person claims in line of imam more than him and i have withstood against the global capitulation more than the leadership , he has really exaggerated .
2796- haji babaee : against the continuation of this capitulation behavior there is also the continuation of that objection .
2797- so much that the islamic revolution has become the point of dependence of the nations of the world struggle against this old western thought .
2798- the problem is they can  t imagine absolute independency .
2799- they have given test in different issues for example it became clear in atomic right of people of iran whatever offer comes from the other side of the world their hands and hearts .
2800- he said : these frailties have no longer any appeal to people .
2801- that thing that imam brought it is still was independence from all and dependence on the muslim people of iran .
2802- this is what has kept the people against the west  s domineering nature .
2803- ali zadsar the representative of the people of jiroft in the islamic consultative assembly also while he had gone to his constituency however during the short time of friday morning rest told of the support of people in imam  s objection to capitulation .
2804- zadsar stressed " in the event of abolishing capitulation , i don  t see any stand for the groups .
2805- they were people who aided imam .
2806- some of the groups saw that if they don  t support imam their status among people would be endangered .
2807- this member of the legal committee of the assembly said " i don  t see any share for the groups .
2808- all are for people and those scientists who mobilized people behind imam that they were a part of popular leaders .
2809- groups like motalefe and others also if they were supporting imam they were from the people themselves .
2810- they were religious people who approached the establishment .
2811- zadsar explained about the continuation of the capitulation behavior in the current era : the problem is in regard to belief .
2812- only excuses differ .
2813- one day in that form that imam withstood against and today also the atomic excuse .
2814- he added : there are now some groups in inside who are on the surface in support of people but they feared as soon as a threat reaches from that side and they also propagate fear .
2815- they are either tempted and give heart to the enemy  s promise .
2816- in reality the groups have the same interaction with the revolution  s leadership and his resistance against modern capitulation that was done with imam those days .
2817- zadsar finished the discussion in this form : if these were that day too they couldn  t be with imam .
2818- because they have differences with imam and imam  s line in beliefs at present time and they don  t have an understanding of the depth of imam  s movement and thought .
2819- i said that it is a discussion of ideology .
2820- periino replied : i think we should pay attention to all putin  s statements and judge logically , he didn  t at all say that there is no possibility of settling this issue talks .
2821- he added : therefore we have a good and at the same time complicated relations with russia , solving some differences is not easy and takes time , but we are patient and keep doing work .
2822- he replied : the petroleumprice is a worry everywhere .
2823- supply is not sufficient and demand is on the rise and this is not just the problem of our country .
2824- the $year beijing olympic taekwondo qualifying matches in the continent of asia are held from seventh to ninth of azar in vietnam and the asian countries can participate in with two men taekwondo players and women taekwondo players .
2825- the national team qualifying matches for the dispatching taekwondo players were held in presence of the technical cadre and without presence of the national olympics committee observer in the first and third weights of olympics in the house of taekwondo .
2826- in other match of today talebi went to fight saee .
2827- in the first seconds of the golden round , saee by getting one credit was selected and as iran  s taekwondo player became a passenger of vietnam .
2828- seyed mohammad puladgar the head of taekwondo federation says : were not fascinating visits because its sensitive was high and this same issue was reducing the players risks .
2829- on the other side the players were aware of fighting of each other and as a result of being together for years , they were familiar with the rivals  techniques and getting credit was very difficult .
2830- anyhow one person ought to be chosen and i am happy that all the players and technical cadre believe and have faith on this issue that the best and the most prepared person be dispatched and all prefer the position of the country over individual interests .
2831- ruh allah talebi , yusof karami and mehdi bibak are extraordinarily motivated and strong players who from every respect are qualified to be present in the olympics and if we could dispatch a few individuals , we would have surely dispatched all of them to the olympics .
2832- surely in those matches too whoever is more intelligent , with respect to psychology and physically enjoying better conditions and uses the moments more , will be the winner of the match .
2833- as saee moved his rival out of the stage in the last moment in athens and received gold .
2834- i talked to rajoli a lot to participate in qualifying but he was not content , bibak was hurt in the match with saee that really has a place for worry and regret and talebi too was stopped in the golden round despite a good fight against saee .
2835- in the first weight too mehdizadeh had surplus weight and the time to reach the intended weight was little shakuri also considered khodadad stronger and went out of the scene .
2836- iran  s taekwondo representative in the first weight of vietnam  s competitions said : i would do my best effort to acquire the olympics share in vietnam and acquiring a medal in beijing to give a good response to those who trusted me and went aside in my interest .
2837- the rest i had for the reason injury , made me thirsty for exercise and match and now i want to be pride creator for my country with a hundred percent readiness and leave no room for any words and sayings .
2838- majid aflaki says of the asian rivals that although korean and thai taekwondo players have received their shares in the first and third weights of olympics and are not present in vietnam but still this field can not be underestimated .
2839- also yusof karami has not been seriously injured just needs some time rest and physiotherapy and he will be able to start his condensed exercises within next month with other national players .
2840- saee expresses happiness from reaching vietnam  s matches but he is worried that bibak has been injured and says : why do you think i became happy , who is satisfied with injury of his friend and playmate .
2841- talibi the only serious rival for saee in the qualification matches for traveling to vienam has talked of his motivation and high readiness and expresses regret that he has not been able to be the conqueror of the field in today  s match .
2842- although i was ahead of the rival two points but for the reason of getting a warning and at the same time giving one point to saee , we became equal and it led to the golden round in which the rival became the winner of the field .
2843- those selected in the first festival of iran water engineering were introduced and complemented at a ceremony .
2844- this american newspaper wrote : according to many economic experts , america  s attack on iran has horrible effects on oil market .
2845- in continuation this report emphasizes that the rise of oil price does not allow the increase in sanctions against iran .
2846- in case of outbreak of military conflict between iran and america which would result in confusion in oil markets low capacity of extra oil production also , entails weakening the possibility of reducing the pressure of the shock and if so rise of oil price would be extremely rapid .
2847- in spite of the fact that the white house didn 't accept the impact of imposing sanctions against iran on oil price ,
2848- but it seems the announcement of new against iran has increased oil price in a way unprecedented in history .
2849- many factors such as international political tensions and reduction of energy reserves have caused the rise of global oil price .
2850- following publication of new statistics on the economic status of the united states of america and anticipation of bank interest rate reduction in this country in the following week a new record has been registered for dollar value falling in comparison to euro .
2851- mehr news agency also publishes a report from financial times newspaper in which report it has been said : america  s recent one - sided sanctions against iran which has acted without this country 's coordination with their allies , will cause the west  s unity against iran to be jeopardized .
2852- after some european countries and russia had announced not accompanying america in iran economic sanctions india 's communist party leader also asked for the announcement of the position of india 's government against the americans .
2853- according to borna quoted from earth times news network , india 's communist party leader announcing strong opposition to the inappropriate and severe sanctions against iran asked this country 's prime minister , ' muhang sing to put aside the position of silence .
2854- he stated : the government of india should explicitly inform the international community its opposition to this sanctioning way against iran and announce that india will in no way participate in these sanctions .
2855- the formula for price of export gas in the peace pipeline is not a permanent and fixed formula for the whole agreement duration and noting the details of the " price review clause in the previously mentioned sections there is the possibility of change in the formula .
2856- he denied the matter of pakistan 's new suggestions on the purchase of extra gas for transforming into lng and selling to china which was stated by pakistan  s news sources early last week and said : such matter has not been discussed at the meetings .
2857- in this regard furthermore other clauses of the agreement which are not placed under the collection of price or price review clauses but are directly or indirectly influential in the price are drafted in a way that provides the possibility of logical change in the price .
2858- stating that planning by trade union organizations and societies should be based upon exports , he stipulated : realization of this matter requires formation of economic strategy based on the axis of export development .
2859- the chairman of iran  s chamber of commerce and industries and mines mohammad nahavandian said at the conference of socio - economic development with employers ' participation : a special season has begun in the economic history of the country and this requires the growth of ever - increasing share of the private sector in the economy .
2860- labor ministry  s general manager of social affairs and stock said : there are incentive laws for supporting workers ' housing and the president emphasized labor ministry and housing ministry and the manufacturing community of the country endeavor to provide housing for workers .
2861- he underlined : in this direction a letter of understanding was concluded between housing ministry and labor ministry based on which in the short and long time efforts should be made in the direction of providing housing for workers .
2862- verifying the statistics of the central bank regarding the amount of iran 's foreign exchange debts he stipulated : because of small seasonal fluctuations we are witnessing changes in the amount of foreign exchange debts of the country .
2863- in a notification to the banks the central bank stressed : considering the serious impact of banks ' withdrawals from central bank resources on inflation rate , avoiding central bank resources is a basic requirement .
2864- it has been underlined in this report that liabilities should be paid from the banks ' own resources as well as by collecting outstanding claims , selling immovable assets , attracting new deposits , government managed funds collecting funds due from the government .
2865- in this statement it has been stipulated that the government and the central bank are determined to control and restrain inflation and seriously avoid and prevent any decision that may cause intensification of inflation .
2866- programming manager of the project of diesel intelligent card announced : the preliminaries for the implementation of the system of diesel intelligent card in the fuel supply stations have been started and it is anticipated more than one million diesel intelligent cards would be offered .
2867- in conversation with mehr news agency about the latest status of the diesel intelligent card project abdolreza amini said : from the beginning of aban the preliminaries for the implementation of the system of diesel intelligent card has started and fuel supply stations are equipped with required systems .
2868- according to isna quoting from france  s news agency , sudan peace negotiations with the aim of putting an end to four years of conflict in the darfur region , located in the west of this country , began yesterday in the city of ' sert ' of libya .
2869- united nations envoy in darfur warned conflicting parties that if we lose this opportunity we may witness hazardous developments .
2870- he announced obtaining agreement for official cessation of violence and other matters including planning for refugees ' return among the aims of these negotiations .
2871- based on this report , political , cultural , social , trade and scientific identities of different countries of the world have announced their readiness for participating in this meeting .
2872- the head of special committee for holding jerusalem international meeting said about the agenda of this meeting : presenting the report about internal situation of the occupied city of jerusalem and keeping alive the ideals of jerusalem are among the most important programs of this meeting .
2873- in continiuation without naming these sheikhs and arab countries the mentioned newspaper disclosed that the sums have entered iraq and have been allocated to some of the leaders of influential groups and dissatisfied iraqi dignitaries .
2874- in addition to creating obstacles in the path of implementation of national reconciliation plan , preventing the production and export of iraq 's oil was announced as being among arab sheikhs ' objectives .
2875- iraq has the ability to produce six million barrels of oil per day and considering the current price of oil , if maliki 's government can produce and export this amount of oil , it solves many of internal living related problems .
2876- before this also an informed iraqi governmental source had revealed three arab countries of the margins of the persian gulf are involved in assassinations of some of the envoys ayatollah sistani , one of iraqi shiites ' sources of imitation , which were carried out past months .
2877- a saudi analyst , fazl ibn saad al - bouainain says in this regard reliable information has come to hand that shows an important part of saudi capitalists ' money is sent for executing terrorist operations in iraq .
2878- adccording to the islamic republic news agency , bomb explosion in the path of movement of occupying forces ' convoy in the south of bagdad caused death of an american soldier and injury of four others .
2879- another american soldier was also killed in gunfire of armed people in the northern province of salah al - din .
2880- mehr news agency also reported , bomb explosion by armed people in the city of khalediah , located in al - anbar province , resulted in the injury of three american soldiers .
2881- among other things belonging to ' che which were sold in this sale , were some of his photographs  which of course were taken after his death - , also his finger prints and the note of one of che 's friends who had been accompanying the argentine revolutionary .
2882- strike of hostesses and flight crew of ' air france airline in france went on for the third continuous day yesterday and many of the passengers were compelled to spend the night in this airport .
2883- hundreds of tired and angry passengers who were obliged to spend the night in this airport stated the government of france should pay the loss by these delays and the pecuniary damages they have incurred .
2884- they stated that they had sensitive jobs and important meetings they have incurred irrevocable losses with this strike .
2885- the strikers have also announced that in case of the government 's inattention to their requests this strike would continue in the following days .
2886- nevertheless , air france airline asked the passengers to refer to the internet base of this company for information about the situation of the flights .
2887- according to reuters news agency while " condoleezza rice the foreign minister of the bush government was delivering a speech in the foreign relations committee of america  s senate in the congress building she was the subject of an antiwar woman  s attack .
2888- this middle - aged and texan woman reached rice from among the crowd and while she had brought her bloody hands near rice 's face , called her war criminal with loud shouts .
2889- while this woman 's shouts had disturbed the session and had even stupefied the guards , they the woman after a few moments and arrested and took her to the outside of the meeting .
2890- the meeting of hasan fazlallah member of lebanese parliament and the envoy of hezbollah secretary general seyed hasan nasrollah with amin jamil has been announced in the direction of coming to this agreement between supporting and opposing groups to the government to exit the current deadlock .
2891- almanar news network announcing this news added lebanon 's friday imams emphasized the necessity of consultations and talks of political groups of the country for electing the new president and stated that these meetings are required to exit the current political crisis .
2892- lebanon 's friday imams added : of course some internal currents and foreign powers by creating obstacles in the process of settlement of lebanon 's political crisis , want to create insecurity in this country in order to exploit politically by this .
2893- abu zahry added : it is to be regretted while zionists are continuing their aggressions against the people of palestine , the positions of the head of the palestine self rule orgaization are very weak and feeble toward these aggressions .
2894- according to associated press and routers news agencies from turkey , different cities of this country including ankara , istanbul and southern citiesshariing borders with iraq witnessed antiterrorist and anti - american demonstrations of the people of turkey .
2895- according to ( ikna ) the national party of denmark declared in an announcement : for promoting its publicity objectives this party will use the insulting caricatures published by the danish newspaper ( uland pusten ) two years ago , as a publicity weapon .
2896- thomas stressed : if the diplomats disobey this order , they will receive disciplinary punishments .
2897- the recent meeting of the leader of sama javadi party molayem sing yado with senior leaders of the left wing regarding the subject of nuclear cooperation contract between india and america , has been considered as the strengthener of third front by indian political sources .
2898- according to irna from new delhi , the english newspaper , asian age , wrote in a report on friday that the meeting of the head of sama javadi party , molayem sing yado , with perkash karat and e
2899- bordhan , senior leaders of the left wing can be regarded as a start for establishment of a new single front .
2900- the leftists who are serious opponents of india 's nuclear cooperation with america and leaders of samajavadi party from the main indian parties who recently become unanimous with the left wing agreed to have close cooperation in the discussion nuclear contract in the parliament of india .
2901- before secretary general of the communist party marxist branch of india , perkash karat , met the leader of telgodisam party , chandra bubo naidu , and the first time officially confirmed the readiness of the left wing for political cooperation with former chief minister of andraperadesh state .
2902- meanwhile america through the meeting of david milford its ambassador to new delhi with the leader of the opposing party in luk sobha ( assembly of representatives ) , laal krishna adovani , in order to convince behartia janata party ,
2903- tries so that the path of nuclear contract is not blocked .
2904- the left wing and allied progressive national coalition desire that " national democratic coalition " under bea 's leadership
2905- in lieu of blocking in the parliament the discussion about formation of a parliamentary joint committee , allow the discussion to held in the parliament .
2906- the left wing and allied progressive national coalition known as the third front believe that any prevention of discussions in the parliament helps the congress party to avoid disclosure of the government 's isolation nuclear contract in the parliament and among the people .
2907- such actions are condemned to failure because of their illegal , illegitimate and domineering nature .
2908- no doubt labeling independent countries and parts of their national institutions as terrorists is against definite and primary principles of international law , international relations as well as united nations charter .
2909- pointing at this famous proverb that a non - written dictation has no error he added : in any case when an action takes place it is possible some criticisms are raised about it .
2910- the ninth government was successful in returning and neutralising the currents that were taking place in previous governments .
2911- the provincial trips of this government and the decisions that are made are very useful .
2912- engagement in religious and cultural issues and attention to the mosques are among the positive points of the ninth government .
2913- he continued : from the time when seyyed mohammad gharavi surrendered the responsibility of spokesmanship of this association so far no spokesman has been assigned and if the need for reflection about an issue is felt according to importance through the head deputy heads or the association  s office will be announced .
2914- " boris tadic " the president of serbia today saturday invited " miroslav lychak " the high ranking authority of international community in bosnia and herzegovina to review his recent decision based on the changes in the contents of " dayton " agreement .
2915- based on the recent decision of lychak , the council of ministers with the majority of its members can convene and approve enactments with the majority of those present at the council .
2916- this change in view of the president of serbia is considered to weaken the status of bosnian serbs in the decision making process of this country .
2917- this republic according to this agreement has been divided into republic of serbeska and federal republic of bosnia and herzegovina and both republics have separate parliaments and government organizations
2918- however these two republics are present at joint institutions that have been established in sarajevo .
2919- serbs make up the majority of the population of the republic of serbeska and residents of bosnia herzegovina federation consist of muslim bosnians known as " boshniacs " and croats .
2920- the president of serbia in an interview with domestic and foreign news agencies in serbia has emphasized that according to dayton agreement in the approval of any law in the institutions of bosnia and herzegovina such as the ministerial council the vote of the republic of serbeska should also be respected .
2921- while pointing to the belgrade government respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of every country he declared : " we seek stability and enduring peace besides respecting the sovereignty of all countries .
2922- this is while the united nations general secretary has supported the recent decisions of the fully authorized representative of the international community in bosnia and herzegovina .
2923- the recent developments in bosnia and herzegovina could be related to the determination of the political future of kosovo the separatist province in the south of serbia although the high ranking authorities of the international community at this point in time deny connection between these two issues .
2924- this man in explaining the event told the officers : a while ago i got to know a man called hamed and i asked him to punish someone that in a property deal i had disagreement with .
2925- magistrate rezaie by hearing the statements of the plaintiff and the accused persons who did not accept the charges of partnership in theft resulting in harm their detention until supplementary investigations are carried out about this .
2926- the $year coup - de - tat sent peron to exile and the government supported by america began to work in argentina .
2927- a government that neither the peronist party nor the communist party had a significant presence in .
2928- this military coup pulled the country to the dirty war period during which hundreds of people were killed and the fate of thousands of people was plunged into an aura of ambiguity .
2929- in the year $year in circumstances that fernando de la rua from centre left coalition was able to steal the ball of success from his peronist opponent in presidential elections the country was not able to protect the fixed rate of peso against the dollar any more .
2930- in the year $year nestor kirchner a member of peronist party  s left faction known as the victory front was called the victor of the presidential elections .
2931- by signing a new agreement with the international money fund he announced his government  s main priority the rebuilding of the economy and investigation and ending of the ignoring of citizens  rights in the dictatorship period .
2932- in this article quoting a prominent georgian analyst it is stated : " i don  t know how the policies of the new government of georgia can be called modernization .
2933- the policies that are being implemented right now are not answers to the inequality and unemployment that are disastrous for the georgian community .
2934- although he said last week that he does not see any reason to have even one opposition delegate in the national parliament .
2935- western media without frowning keep blabbing about saakashvili  s democratic qualifications .
2936- currently the georgian government is practically sigle - party and saakashvili has even chosen his own party flag as georgia  s national flag .
2937- nightly television pictures of georgia from arrest and imprisonment of handcuffed people have been praised by the heated supporters of new world order .
2938- has no relation with democracy .
2939- they are english speaking neo - liberals who have computer literacy .
2940- the result is serious classification of people .
2941- many people feel they are second class citizens .
2942- therefore we conclude that in america  s desired governments a " minority consisting of " elite class always sits on the seat of power , whether in dictatorship format or in polyarchy format .
2943- what there is no news about is democracy and human rights .
2944- another common aspect of these societies is also economic neo - liberalism that intensifies poverty and inequality .
2945- now it is possible that the respected reader of these lines criticizes the author that georgia  s government is " dictatorship and not " polyarchy and in american polyarchy people  s situation is better .
2946- so let  s have a brief look at a country that has experienced its own american democratic revolution " before robinson writing his book and he has stamped it with polyarchy .
2947- of course the government of america calls this country , meaning philippines as " the oldest democracy in south east asia .
2948- the first part of the scenario is completely the same .
2949- after wide range monkey business the name of democracy and human rights , america succeeded in completely restraining and neutralizing people  s anti - marcos movement known as " people power ( people  s power )
2950- arroyo has joined the old wealthy people of the country .
2951- her most serious supporters consisted of business and investor families with spanish background such as ayala family who own one of the biggest business empires of the country .
2952- these people include members of trade unions farmers rights activists , local indigenous , lawyers , journalists , human rights activists , religious activists etc .
2953- guardian writes : " at this point in time the philippines is one of the deadliest locations in the world for journalists .
2954- on the verge of the first people  s uprising
2955- we see that polyarchy and dictatorship are very close to each other and completely far from " people  s democracy .
2956- however the most important distinction between polyarchy and dictatorship and what causes the governments of georgia and the philippines to be named polyarchy , is the existence of elections .
2957- in the first glance it seems that contrary to dictatorship in polyarchy people have a kind of right to elect and by voting in periodical elections they breathe a bit .
2958- however investigation of the nature of elections in polyarchy shows that this breathing is very restricted and controlled .
2959- it is nothing more than a feeling and imagination .
2960- in robinson  s book it is stated : " polyarchy does not only restrict people  s presence in democratic decision making to vote at elections but in the matter of elections it only relies on form .
2961- this is while the other classes of society do not benefit from such opportunities and possibilities .
2962- in such situations , deceptive polyarchic elections , that from frame and appearance point of view seem acceptable but from content point of view are not free and fair at all , do a service to elite classes and their foreign supporters which is beyond the power of dictatorship .
2963- robinson believes that generally " while dictatorship protects the government of elite classes ( from people  s supervision and interference ) however it does not grant legitimacy to it , polyarchy does both actions .
2964- he specifies " the role of polyarchy , as a particular type of elite classes  government , is granting legitimacy to the existing inequalities in society and in comparison to a dictatorship government performs this duty more effectively .
2965- but the point is that this very apparent and artificial legitimacy and same feeling of restricted breathing that this deficient election brings leads to polyarchy as the tool of dominance and exploitation , having a longer life than dictatorship .
2966- without doubt this is the most important attraction of polyarchy for america and its allies it is really necessary that people of the countries that are targeted by america  s publicity attack with freedom and democracy motto keep this characteristic of polyarchy in mind .
2967- so should americans who with a lot of skill in the name of democracy blocks its way such a big obstacle be congratulated ? not at all .
2968- spilled bloods and tears of hungry children do not give such permission .
2969- instead of that in targeted countries this propaganda phenomenon must be exposed and neutralized by giving precise and extensive information .
2970- the above matter only a nook of the realities about america  s " promotion of democracy project but unfortunately " in the name of democracy program did not have slightest mention about any of these issues .
2971- the most generous judgment that can be presented about this program is that its makers in eagerness to prove the affiliation of the three arrested iranians and their colleagues with america , completely forgot the main issue meaning revelation of america  s policy and evil intentions of that country .
2972- as a result they drew a positive picture of america and in a word in their haste to have the brew they fell into pot .
2973- unfortunately it seems that in our country in the field of propaganda and communicating about america  s claim for promotion of democracy that might be the enemy  s most deliberate and dangerous deception , the number of these negligences and falls into the pot tend to increase .
2974- in the current discussion the most important noticeable issue is this lack of correct understanding within some classes of society america  s and its allies real intention in regard to countries such as iran can turn into one of the country  s major complicated and very dangerous issues .
2975- professor noam chomsky a prominent american intellectual and lecturer of m i t university whom new york times has named the most important contemporary american intellectual .
2976- " chomsky who has been compared with freud , einstein and galileo is named the father of modern linguistics ( harvard university magazine ) .
2977- another pillar of chomsky  s fame is numerous works that he has written in critique of america  s political system and that country  s foreign policy .
2978- ( manufacturing consent ) that is the product of his cooperation with professor edward hermann as well as his book ( necessary illusions ) are interpreted as the most comprehensive critique and revelation works on the media and other tools of american government  s political propaganda .
2979- mrs esfandiari said that the budget for " woodrow wilson centre that she is the director of its middle east program is funded by the congress of america .
2980- like all countries the parliament or the congress approves the total budget of america  s government ) .
2981- in this way the program makers allowed mrs esfandiari to pretend that she has been receiving money from the people america and not from the government of america .
2982- about the governmental budget of " national democracy endowment that is provided by america  s foreign ministry and is also the source of payment of mr jahanbaglou  s fellowship costs visit national democracy endowment " website .
2983- in some sources such as hayyem english into persian dictionary " zobdeh has been used as a persian term synonym to " elite .
2984- it is necessary to explain that " elite includes " zobdeh but is not limited to it .
2985- generally in sociology and political science elite is attributed a minority because of enjoying special social or financial or professional privileges etc hold a higher position compared to other people of society .
2986- hence , for instance , a member of a wealthy and influential family who does not possess qualifications , skill , or considerable capability is also considered as " elite of the society .
2987- therefore in regards to the plural of " elite , meaning " elites elite classes is more suitable than terms such as " zobdegun .
2988- is attributed to the young people who in money making jobs ( often in banking , stock exchange , real estate , etc ) have made their fortune and their financial and career situations are improving .
2989- hence generally this term is used about those young people who use expensive automobiles and clothing , have a lot of extravagance and show off their wealth to others .
2990- they are the only people who enter a building that everyone is leaving and risk their lives for the sake of those who are not their own loved ones .
2991- they are the only people who only for our sake and our lives play with their own lives .
2992- life of every fire fighter is a story ; a story that is kneaded with pains and sweets of our lives .
2993- gholam reza salmi is now one of the oldest fire fighters of fire fighting organization .
2994- volunteers had hard conditions for entry .
2995- at that time there were few fire fighters ; the reason was that young people who would come to become fire fighters , were very courageous and motivated .
2996- courageous people are always scarce .
2997- it was not like now that some youths are attracted to fire fighting because of unemployment .
2998- all of them had good physical strength ; of course considering the expanding time that they were engaged in work ; the harsh conditions of war and rain of missiles made them to become skilful and gain unique experiences .
2999- because of this guys from that era are now valuable people in the organization .
3000- while the boy was amused with the ladder , my other colleague entered the balcony from the back and grabbed him .
3001- when we reached the location we saw the house had completely sunk and entering it was seriously dangerous .
3002- i entered the house ; it was a very strange scene ; all the heavy furniture of the house were suspended in air ; exactly like jomanji film .
3003- at any moment it was possible one of the household furniture drop on my head .
3004- with difficulty i found the youth .
3005- the house was about to collapse .
3006- when i reached the young boy i saw it was a while since he died .
3007- i never forget the first death that i saw
3008- a truck driver on the slopes of farmanieh had brake failure and had entered into a house with the truck and had run over an old woman and a young boy who were in the yard .
3009- he himself had crashed into the opposite wall and had been squashed .
3010- we had to pull out his corpse from inside the truck .
3011- i did not sleep that night until morning .
3012- the american army in recent months in an effort to confront acts of violence , has launched a series of operations across this country most of which were around the capital of this country .
3013- the head of the police for the supervision of public places naja with regard to the nature of the encounter of the police stated : when security forces are confronted with an infringement in the form of various ceremonies , while preserving standards of conduct it deals with the offenders at the end of the ceremonies .
3014- in this subject , signification is defined as : " signification consists of the existence of a thing by means of knowing it , the knowledge of something else is obtained .
3015- so in each language terms are assigned for a special meaning or meanings the word for which is a container and its meaning and concept are contained therein .
3016- wealth or net value is obtained from the difference between assets and liabilities .
3017- when all surfaces and parts of the room are in white color , its radiance and purity causes the eye to focus on the texture and form of objects and even commonplace objects appear like works of art .
3018- he emphasized : the stolen automobiles are of peugeot and pride types and also more thefts occur during the hours of evening and this is an indication that citizens must increase the security co - efficient of their vehicles when they park in the street .
3019- even if a critic like master abdol - ali dastghaib while explaining the outstanding manifestations and brilliance of sohrab sepehri , in a chapter on his primary works says : they are essentially not poetry , it is artificial .
3020- he considered preservation of minorities ' rights one of the principles of democratic ssytems and said the rights of minoritiesshould not be forgotten and a group who is in majority should not be indifferent to the rights of minorities .
3021- according to a report by irna , in this music program ahmad tavakkoli , representative of the islamic consultative assembly ahmad reza darvish , the movie director were also present .
3022- according to the report by information and press general department of the ministry of foreign affairs , husseini stressed " these statements can be regarded as the american authorities  lack of respect for the honorable afghan authorities  independent view and interference in the interior affairs of country .
3023- it is necessary that every morning and evening while washing the face , to clean the back and inside of ears , since the inner ear and eardrum are very sensitive .
3024- while cleaning the ears , no sharp object must be used since it can hurt or tear the eardrum .
3025- recently the business of psychologists , psychoanalysts , psychiatrists and all those whose are in a way involved with the mind of the youth seems to have been improved .
3026- at any school you visit , there is a training class of child psychology .
3027- communications revolution and globalization have put continuous contact different cultures .
3028- in this situation nations and cultures have been facing opportunities and new threats which on the one hand cause understanding and on the other hand create different conflicts among them .
3029- iran must consider cultural identity in the process of the globalization of culture .
3030- preservation of identity will not be an obstacle in the way of political , social and cultural development which is the result of globalization rather from ignorantly and accepting the dominant cultures and active encounter forms the basis of our cultural politics view .
3031- according to the internet system < business times > , < david vikari abdollah > added " we should with the aim of absorbing more foreign capital explain clearly and openly all advanatges of the islamic banking for our addresses .
3032- he was always conscious of god and not a moment neglected the thought of god .
3033- he had a special intimacy with the quran . when he recited the quran , a strange anxiety and excitement appeared in him , because he was completely aware of the hidden secrets of the quran , as if heart was a safe tablet of the quran .
3034- this was a perspective of moral and human personality of ali ebn alhussein which was mentioned concisely and shortly .
3035- now we will have a glance at his life .
3036- therefore he stood against the horrible storms like a bright candle in that dark days patience and tolerance and like the rays of sun hidden under the dark clouds , shone into the world of islam .
3037- in the second part , life in the quran , living beings in the quran , sudden or slow changes , god 's commitment to send prophets , mass misfortunes and disasters in the quran , human beings being exceptional in creation .
3038- have been investigated .
3039- the first chapter titled < who is ammar ? > , the family , birth , titles and nicknames , children and physical features of ammar yaser .
3040- the second chapter describes ammar 's virtues ammar in the quarn , ammar from the point of view of the prophet and disciples and ammar as the narrator are the issues of this chapter .
3041- salman farsi faithful of the prophet is a perfect model of islam and humanity ; a multi dimensional person has different behavioral and moral aspects which can be useful for all people .
3042- esteghamati in continuation advised the patients to refer only to scientific associations and added " at the moment the state diabetes committee , internal tumors experts society and diabetes scientific society of iran are the only authentic places diabetes .
3043- suffer from diabetes .
3044- he said diabetes is spread the most in the south of the country .
3045- experts recommend open and deep wound instead of using honey immediately take to a medical center so that if necessary he 'd be taken care of and treated by medicine .
3046- we all know that alzheimer is a disease of old age .
3047- tahmasebi believded that cement must be removed from the support basket and a price also be determined for it to be able to control the market .
3048- but this issue never became a reality .
3049- in this the minister of commerce believes in such conditions free sale of cement along specifying price is not to the country 's benefit .
3050- because if cement is let out of support basket , no price can be determined for it and we should let the imports and exports control the market .
3051- mirkazemi says " ministry of commerce agrees with free sale of without any price control procedure .
3052- meanwhile if production is exploited according to the planning of the ministry of industry supply will exceed demand and this possibly pave the way for free sale .
3053- at the meeting of administrative council of bistoun which was held at the presence of abdolmaleki office nominator of kermanshah governor office , engineer pazhohandeh was introduced as the new mayor of bistoun and rahimi 's efforts were appreciated .
3054- at this meeting pointing to holding congress of honoring , friday imam of tabriz said " holding ceremonies honoring scientists and elites of azerbaijan must be attended by the cultural authorities of this province .
3055- supporters of globalization in beijing also like washington their hands are tied .
3056- the formal policy of china is progress in a friendly manner but some of the chinese are suspicious about the united states ' intentions and have different viewpoints over the procedure of relations with america .
3057- some of chinese authorities consider the military presence of america in middle asia and occupying mongolia and vietnam by the united states carrying out the plan of seizing china .
3058- beijing is looking at selling amerikan weapons to taiwan suspiciously and military planners of china are worried that in case of a crisis , united states may block way of access to strategic products .
3059- even some of the leading experts of china say that the united states is against the economic development of china and state america  s prevention of exporting modern technology to china as the proof of their claim .
3060- some also believe the united states intends to pave the way for uproar or a " colored revolution " like incidents of east europe in china beyond supporting democracy .
3061- everybody is permanent in here which means he 's with himself and his deeds forever , because he is himself and changes and adaptations of identity and being and nature are impossible and senseless .
3062- and since his deeds the effect and result of his soul , origination and manifestation they are always with him and he is with them .
3063- this is called eternity khaledin a fi samavat e val arz .
3064- if due to repentance or intercession and the like , a person is moved into a higher position , again this repentance and intercession will be observable in its celestial presentation and will hide or purge the bad actions of the past .
3065- therefore ' eternity ' is truth and reality that can never refused or denied .
3066- whenever these preliminaries are clear , it can be well understood that eternity ' is a forcible fact .
3067- and whatever verses and stories have said about it , has been a description of this realization and fact .
3068- suppose a calligrapher , a painter , a carpenter , and a blacksmith are all alive and have skills of calligraphy , painting , carpentry and blacksmithing there is no doubt their differences regarding their skills .
3069- can be said that most obvious advantage of modern methods in massive activities is speed in examinig the problems and solving the massive issues of countries and saving resources and capacities .
3070- the report adds " the ministry of housing and urbanization is gathering the reports and will soon release the results of reports in fact delivery of lands and facilities .
3071- among the consequences of fire in the field of natural resources seifi pointed to destroying the ecosystem of the area , destructing of plants and sources of producing oxygen , earth erosion and intensifying floods .
3072- hepatocellular cancer ( h c c ) is one of the most widespread types of liver cancer at the moment .
3073- this tumor is mostly caused by other diseases the liver , like hepatitis b and c .
3074- the problem of the shortage of earth water resources is constantly getting more serious .
3075- babies at the time of earache , indicate their unrest through turning the head abnormally , trying to scratch the ears , high fever and crying .
3076- therefore if these symptoms , earache suspicious and baby should brought to physician for treatment .
3077- * if the baby does not start speaking until two years of age , it may be the result hearing deficiency .
3078- the hearing deficiency may be congenital or the result of infectious diseases .
3079- mothers must always take care of their children  s nose and throat .
3080- if there is any infection in them , quickly proceed to cure it .
3081- many people if their hearing deficiency is diagnosed and treated quickly , they will be cured .
3082- he continued " transition from a governmental economy to a private economy is a complicated and delicate process and this process has various parameters privatization is the most decisive and complicated .
3083- also ayatollah seyyed ali sistani while expressing strong sorrow for the explosions in < sanjar > region in mosul , demanded iraqis maintain their national unity .
3084- bolani quoting ayatollah sistani said " terrorist attack against yazidian tribe in sanaijar region was a criminal act that was performed by alkaida in a reaction to lethal strikes to its bases .
3085- on the other hand american ambassador in iraq rayon croker said the present time is the optimal chance for the new coalition .
3086- he said maliki administration is in a critical condition and difficulties are not removed promptly it is better to form a coalition among shiite , sunnite and kurd sides .
3087- he said " iraqis cannot solve their problems within a week .
3088- the problems that iraq is encountered with have not emerged suddenly , but since $year when baath party took office .
3089- in this condition un  s security council condemned the explosions in the north of iraq which killed hundreds of people and asked to end sectarian violence .
3090- before entering france  s presidential palace sarkozy who pulled with him the wave of opposition by the anti - american french had emphasized friendship and closeness with bush during the days of campaigns .
3091- the third space walk of astronauts was shortened on wednesday following a puncture in the gloves of one of the astronauts .
3092- the oldest part of it is a vast hall in which arches and domes are built on top of the brick eight - angle pillars adorning which are fine and artistic plasterworks of the ravadian era ( coinciding with the seljuk 's ) .
3093- he is a holy character and every day many iranians come to this place to make pilgrimage .
3094- in a match against isteghlal of ahvaz though during the first half in some minutes the opponent was the better team of the game but in the second half it was the isteghlal team that with superior playing obtained victory .
3095- he stated " grape growers claim in theses two years they have stored their grapes in shahrud and bojnurd cold storages simultaneously but in the grape delivery season they were not satisfied by the quality of grapes stored in the bojnurd cold storage .
3096- the experts at the international week of water which was held in stockholm sweden expressed their concerns for the increase in the cultivation of grains for making biological fuel that can endanger water sources .
3097- first is primary guidance which quran house organization has done and has formed a temporary core .
3098- painting has the ability to depict the whole nature in a small mold .
3099- but one must not assume so since the size of the pictures in paintings are much small , only a small part of the nature can be depicted in the paintings , or since the painter is inspired by nature , he can only draw some sceneries from nature .
3100- today  s iran paintings are the same as classic paintings of europe ( impressionism style and following that modern styles of the european painting ) .
3101- though some have written that at the time of the appearance of islam , iranians had an ancient tradition in painting .
3102- the school of baghdad is a kind of primitive painting , since to some extent it has a sign of lack of skill and artistic power of its producers and is mostly a container of stories and religious narrations .
3103- at the beginning of mongolian attack on iran , painting art lost its flourishing due to massacre of artists .
3104- non agent defense as one of the most effective and enduring methods of defense against threats have always been cared for by the countries of the world .
3105- the late bahaaddin adab passed away on wednesday evening in tehran because of disease .
3106- assistant of car producing company of general motors emphasized " continuation of crises in international stock markets will cause a sharp fall in this company 's sale .
3107- with announcing this issue he said " at the present time the industry and mine sector of the country suffers from weariness of technology and lack of innovative human forces .
3108- international car experts also evaluate the continuation of recession of house sector effective in sale drop of japanese car producers .
3109- received reports suggest that due to the futility of the measures of different countries to prevent the continuation of drop of fall of shares , central bank of america has decreased half percent the interest rate .
3110- as isna reporting , raise of interest rate in america and fall of house price on one hand and inability of home buyers to pay installments on the other hand , are the most important reasons of decrease of fall of shares in global market .
3111- assistant of the center of developing and extending koranic activities of the ministry of culture and islamic guidance declared " applicants for involvement in the realm of koran and the household can refer to the central offices of culture and islamic guidance of the provinces to obtain permission for involvement and legal registration .
3112- doctor sohrabi , in charge of the central consultation office of science ministry about the necessity of establishing consultation offices has said ,
3113- all problems and harms existent in society are also seen among the students , but the rate of social harms among the students is much lower than the rate existing in society .
3114- existence of some abnormal behaviors and necessity of handling the student 's behavioral and educational state persuaded the science ministry to establish consultation centers in all the dorms and colleges .
3115- he has added " the most important activity of consultation offices in universities is handling the situation of students who are exposed to drug abuse and self damaging behaviors .
3116- also handling the situation of students who have mental problems and the students who are deprived of social and economic supports .
3117- transference of consultation offices from universities to colleges causes more students to refer to these centers for consultation and also consultants communicate with students in a specialized form and ask about their activities .
3118- this scheme causes the professors and faculty members get engaged in the matters and problems of the students and a healthy relationship to be formed between professor and students .
3119- that the students can easily pose their problems with professors and them in solving problems ; however there are still some people who resist .
3120- unfortunately some university presidents do not feel any necessity to establish consultation centers in universities and prefer disciplinary confrontations .
3121- certainly in these universities psychological - mental problems and matters are very high .
3122- about the spread of drug abuse in universities he also says " we do not want to say that universities are totally safe considering this point of view but in comparison with the whole society addiction rate is low .
3123- giving information and making a bed for creating confidence among students are necessary and students should reach this belief that consultation offices are different from disciplinary committee and these offices are looking forward to create this confidence among students by enhancing its efficiency level .
3124- he adds " accuracy and evaluation free from orientation towards the nature of these centers bring about specific differences which doubles the necessity of maintaining and developing .
3125- in spite of specialized services in the range of psychological health , brings about unimpeachable benefits , wrong rendering of these attempts will bring about outcomes much more dangerous than the lack of them .
3126- unfortunately we can not comment with sureness on the satisfactory maturity and sophistication of many of university consultation centers .
3127- a considerable number of these centers are run by people who do not have requisite specialty concerning strategic management of psychological health in universities .
3128- some universities due to their nature lack specialized departments in the areas of psychological health and in some universities also the relationship between faculty and the consultation center is very pale .
3129- thus presence of a central headquarter to take steps towards the matter of overall policy making , expertly guidance coordination in plans according to existing priorities and effort to reeducate personnel and develop the capabilities of consultation centers , an inevitable necessity .
3130- note : in order not to get forced to eat food quickly , go for food before you get very hungry .
3131- certainly a quarter half an hour before lunch or dinner drink half a glass of water in which half a tablespoon of appetite reducing substances ( lemon juice , grape fruit juice , bran of wheat .
3132- pour
3133- after finishing food ( or whenever you felt full ) leave the table and brush teeth .
3134- surely get away from tablecloth .
3135- before this armed people attacked an military base of america on north of baghdad with machine gun and rpg during which one american soldier was killed .
3136- official news agency of syria quoted a syrian authority whose name has not been mentioned has declared the manifest of saudi arabian government distortion statements of faroogh alshar .
3137- watermelon strengthens the stomach and its inner white shell is useful for ulcer of mouth and throat .
3138- the seeds of watermelon kills the worms of stomach and intestine and is useful for bladder swelling .
3139- watermelon refreshes and enlivens the body and is very effective for people hot temper .
3140- according to a report of mehr doctors of royal brampton hospital of london succeeded in repairing the hole between the two upper septum of the heart using a sort of biologic resolvable prosthesis .
3141- most hepatitis b and c affected people do not show any symptoms .
3142- we eat
3143- for this reason we feel happy and ecstatic on eating ice cream .
3144- eating ice cream affects the region of the brain called anterior visual cortex .
3145- i do not want to describe situation human history in this point of time and the specific situation in which islamic society and nation and islamic countries are and the problems which are more and more dangerous for this part of the world .
3146- the world of islam is being noticed for different reasons , one because this world ( i  m referring particularly to the middle east .
3147- indeed the world of islam is bigger than the middle east but the existing problem is especially related to middle east .
3148- it is the most sensitive spot of the world .
3149- from hormuz strait to suez canal which has endowed god to the people of this region is the most important spot of the world concerning strategic , geo strategic and geopolitic .
3150- it is natural that this important strategic spot to be concern of all powers .
3151- especially powers which claim imperialism and ownership of the world and like to reign the region and those who dream supper power , feel that not having this region in hand is a great damage to their world power .
3152- secondly this region is good for all producers and world powers and domination over this market is important for them ; these two economic political motivations have caused the middle east to draw attention .
3153- islam has been formed in this region and islam has become the origin of making a system .
3154- this identity is an identity that is important for modern world , you know that from three four centuries ago a very broad process with amazing accomplishments has been created in the west world .
3155- we see this pride in works and behavior of politicians and also the works of west outstanding intellectuals .
3156- the great , amazing and gigantic achievements the west in all arenas especially science and technology have added to this pride .
3157- fairly the western accomplishments have been great accomplishments and this has laid the ground for this pride to appear .
3158- no conflict and opposition , but pride and prejudice of that side and especially politicians do not accept any conflicts and disagreement and altogether wants to weaken others especially if that disagreement damage their interests which are in conflict with other interests .
3159- he said " the biggest cultural and cinematic complex of mazandaran province locates in babel but there is not even one force to maintain this big complex and we have to maintain this huge complex using this small forces of the office .
3160- hoseinabadi in an interview with the correspondent of irna on tuesday , said : the children participating in this camp from iran have attended on behalf of the children who have lost their parents in the events of earthquake and other natural disasters .
3161- he also stressed on the precise supervision of the bank experts on payment for facilities in the early return economic agency plan and said : since the unemployment rate is high in mazandaran attention to economic plans which have economic justification is essential .
3162- prime minister of japan and the president of indonesia in the course of meeting each other are also supposed to issue a joint declaration on the axis of increasing the level of bilateral cooperation in issues of energy , global warming and environmental matters .
3163- this law that has been approved by the iraqi government cabinet is one of the most controversial issues of this country and arab sunnies of iraq have objections to this law and how the income from sale of oil is distributed and permits of exploration and extraction of oil are granted .
3164- he said : considering the small facilities and lack of enough possibilities that we had across the province but we tried our best to carry on these contests in the best way possible , indeed we should not ignore the supports of the authorities of federation and the physical education office .
3165- nowadays the application of this important cultural topic has not remained covered from any government view including and the white house tries in different ways to benefit from this cultural tool in its hegemonic supremacy all around the world .
3166- in the contact of citizens of a weak country with a society in a powerful country ( in terms of wealth and capital ) the individuals get immediately assimilated and occasionally quail in the face of the new civilization and embark on imitating their behavior .
3167- the assimilated person intentionally or unintentionally tries to make himself similar to the person who is more modern and relative to modernism and facets of the western life portray himself even more prejudiced than them .
3168- the cultural decision makers of every society should try to bolster self confidence in citizens through appropriate education and make them more sensitive towards culture , identity and values of their society .
3169- davoodi reminded : we are all indebted to the sacrifices of you dears and the advancements and development of today of the country and the glory of islamic iran in the world is indebted to martyrs , devotees and azadegan after the grace and favor of god .
3170- in this visit the honored devotee pirsarandi also explained some memories about wartime period and also captivity in iraq 's prisons and said : in a period of captivity i was a cellmate of the master of azadegan the late aboutorabi which was the best days of my captivity .
3171- this devotee and azadeh of the period of eight years of holly defense in continuation by stating his problems and that he has lung infection requested from the first deputy of the presidency and also the authorities of martyr foundation of tehran province to deal with his problems .
3172- the public relations of the holly presence of imam reza sunday quoting from the coordination deputy of this organization reported : this protocol is among the good movements towards set making of the data bases of the two above mentioned libraries .
3173- he in continuation stated : the library of the holly presence of imam reza has a huge collection of manuscripts and right now many cultural centers throughout the world are interested in cooperation and exchanging manuscripts .
3174- this commander of taliban stressed : if our requests are not accepted we will not negotiate because it will be useless and if negotiations are not resumed our leaders will make a decision about the fate of korean hostages .
3175- this taliban commander stressed : if our requests are not accepted we will not negotiate because it will be useless and if negotiations are not resumed our leaders will make a decision about the fate of korean hostages .
3176- " mohammadraza khakpoor " stressed : in this festival from the direction of the art department of the province and with cooperation of iran 's expert lawyers club ( golestan branch ) iranian and non iranian short and long movies are shown in different sections .
3177- engineer mohitali reiterated ; in the work of architecture , when love and interest are put aside , only a certain mystical relationship remains that all these issues had been resolved in the soul of dr shirazi
3178- therefore god only should be considered a shelter and seek refuge in him .
3179- from what things must one seek refuge in god ? quran some issues as things from which one must seek refuge in god the most important of which is satan who was mentioned in this passage .
3180- quranic verses two kinds verses which without mentioning actions .
3181- in some other verses however seeking protection from satan is ordered signify attention to the threat of his temptations .
3182- the second category is verses in which satan 's mischievousness enumerated and protection from it is sought or protection has been enjoined .
3183- in this category of verses one could point to the prophet 's enjoinment that one must seek refuge in god from the evil temptations of satan .
3184- therefore satan 's angering inciting temptation and diversion at the time of anger and retaliation are among the things which one must seek refuge in god satan .
3185- another thing from which one must seek refuge in god insolent individuals such as pharaoh .
3186- prophets are those whom we must learn from their behaviors as models of living .
3187- prophet moses sought refuge in god from the mischief of insolent people such as pharaoh .
3188- an insolent person is one who expresses arrogance in acknowledging the divinity of god and obedience from him and is not willing to abide by the lord .
3189- at times of danger too one must seek refuge in god .
3190- seeking refuge from every kind of vice and mischievousness is another quranic recommendation .
3191- these vices could be from jinni , fire storm rain famine illness etc.
3192- the evil of the jealous people who express jealousy manifest their inner jealousy and engage in wrongdoings is another case in which seeking refuge has been suggested .
3193- same the enmity of enemies and atheists quran has reminded of it and recommended people to seek refuge in god .
3194- he added " the election of the assembly of experts is neither a power struggle nor specific political movement to act .
3195- of course it is possible a person belong to one political movement but in this place he enters the scene because he and others believe he may be able to better serve .
3196- hashemi rafsanjani in another part of his discussion emphasized that " the plan for great middle east has been defeated said " the besieging of islamic iran was counterproductive and the united states has become besieged and is asking us for help .
3197- so far we have heard the confession of high - ranking american officials their defeat in iraq and the congressional report of the united states too has acknowledged defeat and asked bush to start withdrawing from iraq .
3198- they have truly reached cul de sac and desperation .
3199- the chairman of the assembly of experts said " from this we warn the white house and congress to get fighting with islam muslims and revolutionary muslim forces out of your heads .
3200- if there is any path left , it is negotiation is .
3201- they were like rulers and sultans and possessed everything the prophet fought with them .
3202- when he came to medinna , he was accompanied by these indigent people not with the wealthy to put the population to sleep .
3203- he was accompanied by indigent people in order to wake up the indigent people .
3204- he incited these indigent people to fight with those affluent people who took people 's money and oppressed .
3205- the prophet many wars and all of these wars were wars with the affluent powerful and oppressors .
3206- the zionist actions had some reflection in the international arena .
3207- meanwhile iran , italy , turkey and some arab countries condemned the israeli actions and considered them inciting .
3208- meanwhile the islamic republic announced that it would stand on the side of syria against any threat .
3209- this a synopsis of the news being addressed .
3210- at that point there were some talks about negotiation with israel in order to free the strategic region of golan heights .
3211- but two weeks ago shimon peres the president of the zionist regime said something new .
3212- in visit to europe in an interview with an newspaper peace with syria is impossible in the near future .
3213- meanwhile the most natural analysis would be to the statements of peres and the military action above syrian sky a kind of change of course on the part of the zionists but this needs explanation .
3214- this is at a time when the existence of the zionist regime is completely dependent on the existence of its army because this regime and its fake nation have been created through the army .
3215- put into use .
3216- the unilateral action of the zionist regime against syria signals the defeat of the multilateral efforts .
3217- in this statement iran and seyyed hassan nasrallah and have simultaneously reported of the violation of the aforementioned resolution by the governments of damascus and tel aviv this to israelis that they have lost their previous stature and must do something themselves .
3218- marashi moreover said to the mehr news agency i believe circumstances must such that people have an opportunity selection for example when they go to fruit seller that fruit seller shouldn't simply .
3219- have rather he must carry a variety of fruits which the customers could choose the best ones .
3220- marashi that a candidate for the eighth congressional elections from anywhere in iran neither tehran nor kerman " most likely mr. habiballah bitaraf will become the speaker of the coalition headquarters .
3221- reuter news agency while about the election of mr. hashemi expressed doubt that his election would bring about change in the foreign policy of the islamic republic but tried to present this option as a fundamental difference of opinion between the experts .
3222- the speaker of the foreign ministry of england said " it is not known whether this incident will have impact on our relations with iran , but in any event the victory of mr. hashemi rafsanjani is important ! "
3223- and tens of other commentaries with the same content in a very short period on the pages of newspapers and american and european news booths .
3224- some of news agencies and foreign circles provided a different interpretation the analysis of the german radio deutsch velle is one example .
3225- moreover the internal continuation of this collection regardless of the organic relation of this collection with foreign circles or coincidental matching with them .
3226- ! ! follow the same external line with some difference in affiliate newspapers and websites .
3227- etemad melli newspaper too almost like kargozaran party , followed the viewpoints of american circles and in a thick headline on first page reported a " factional competition within the assembly of experts in an article it expressed joy that customary competitions have found way into the assembly of experts .
3228- words of the honorable leader of the revolution once again revealed the machination of foreign enemies and some domestic media and websites i thank kayhan for revealing the backdrop of these domestic movements or erudite leader ill - tempered newspapers .
3229- the honesty of the companions of the deceased imam on the chair of responsibility thinks of himself as a soldier of the guardian this honesty was evident in the message and words of mr. hashemi rafsanjani who stated the legitimacy of the holy system of the islamic republic the guardianship of the jurisprudent .
3230- this single sentence has angered the domestic and foreign enemies .
3231- kargozaran party had two months ago officially announced that the productive life of mr. hashemi has passed and he must sit on a bench .
3232- now what happened that on the occasion of his chairmanship of the experts they are publishing full - length picture ? to the people mr. hashemi the same mr. hashemi but this hypocrisy is quite stunning .
3233- the program which mr. khosrow motazed discussed the role of ayatollah kashani was a great program .
3234- this was short yet quite valuable .
3235- the broadcasting of such programs from television has a positive role in the advancement of the level of public awareness about their country 's history .
3236- i suggest such programs be broadcast prior to popular television series .
3237- i ask the ninth administration to give the money which they received for the fourth child from the workers
3238- the father of a family .
3239- the rising of gas in the atmosphere children have so far become i ask the officials to this important issue .
3240- it has been three months since purchased my brand new car since they have not delivered its fuel card i was not able to use the car .
3241- on the other hand since the buying and selling of gas outside of quota is sinful according to the fatwa of the islamic scholars i do not want to take part in a sinful action .
3242- the administration should do something about the gas quota of people like me .
3243- english abbreviations are being used in the news segments the national radio and television which are not understandable for people not very literate unfamiliar with technical terminology .
3244- for instance the term
3245- it would be great to find equivalents for these terms by relying on rich persian familiarize people with the meaning of these terms .
3246- by seeing this scene i was disheartened to contact this column and inform the officials of this issue in order to follow up .
3247- at this point they are neither returning this sum nor are they willing insurance .
3248- i say to officials responsible for decision making on the gas quote why should automobiles "
3249- because of this problem my automobile has become useless a while .
3250- today asians are themselves after the first rate items produced in their countries .
3251- if they work hard day and night in order to produce more and more , it may be because they are confident has replaced variety of traditional iranian products .
3252- a phenomenon which one of the ecotourism specialists calls " karaj infatuation its accurate explication may be clearly seen in the traditional cities of iran .
3253- in his view all iranian cities in whose authentic and historic structure we used to take pride , are afflicted with the predicament of lack of identity .
3254- at the borders or within the heart of cities such as kashan , yazd , kerman and .
3255- we witness the birth of degenerate children who bear no similarity with their past .
3256- in these cities there a type of architecture and urbanization taking place that has no authenticity .
3257- probably the intention of this ecotourism specialist is that masouleh which revel in original identity and lifestyle , today manifests our lack of attention to our cultural heritage .
3258- this city is significantly different from the way it is introduced in brochures films books and pictures .
3259- the important thing is that these links be joined to one another and create an appropriate set .
3260- he emphasized in this important arena , meaning health and hygiene , this group and the multitude of human force in possession you can carry out great tasks .
3261- khatami added this movement is confronted with two frightening waves with which islam and the world of islam are confronted , a wave insolent and zionistic which work the name of islam and fighting islam .
3262- khatami called this of islam fossilized and violent islam and said " we must introduce islam as a religion of justice , mysticism and the irrigator of the realm of the human heart .
3263- while stating that imam khomeini ( may god bless his soul ) presented the model of the islamic republic , khatami said " this model was an appropriate system for the people of iran and if the world wants to have a system associated with religion , the model of the islamic republic is appropriate for it .
3264- the director general of the urban railway corporation of tehran and suburbs ( metro ) announced " the executive operation of the construction of the two metros of tehran will be completed by next year and this line will continue until damavand street .
3265- by allocating gas for traveling , the government will have to import few hundred million dollars of additional gas if we calculate the collateral impacts of this volume of gas , an unpredicted and exorbitant expense in the current budget of the country .
3266- last week the government announced a detailed plan concerning the ranges of the allocation of the profit resulting from the reduction of the import of gas .
3267- now it is appropriate to explain which one of the announced ranges will be by paying this few hundred million dollars .
3268- according to this notification , the list of corporations with transactional difficulty upon the approval of the director general of the stock exchange corporation and at lease one day prior to elimination of the base volume , will be brought to public attention through transactions website as well as the internet base for the stock exchange .
3269- it has been said that upon the resolving of the transactional difficulty and the flowing of stock transactions or the completion of the predicted period , the base volume will be inserted in the calculation of the final price of the stock .
3270- the team of iran immediately after the similar loss of korea to japan , the team which advocates the championship title experienced a new composition .
3271- the sending of payman akbari , mohammad moosavi , mehdi mahdavi and arash sadeghiani along with andalib , attar and mohammadinejad by guyich at first brought confusion to the team of japan and tatsuya uta the young coach of this team .
3272- charley abrams , from mark monitor , purported that the gravity of the circumstances had not been known prior this : many websites have claimed to be canadian but were in fact russian .
3273- he believes that by purchasing drugs online people have jeopardized their health .
3274- in reality arguments in favor of anarchy , as a goal , has never been taken seriously as a political theory , the reason being that it is widely conceived that this goal is evidently unrealistic .
3275- nonetheless this could be said in its defense : in both ancient and modern eras tool for human predicament has been the government .
3276- no criminal group has ever come close to the point of fear and suffering that was manifested by governments under the control of stalin , hitler , mao pol pot .
3277- the opponents of anarchy , those who use this term in negative meaning could reply we should not make our judgment about the blessings of the government on the basis of its worst examples .
3278- the coach of kerman 's women 's rock climbing team told irna : because the regulations of this branch are constantly changing coaches and active individuals should be familiar with them .
3279- in concurrence with the proximity of the birthday of mankind 's savior , imam mahdi ( aj ) the first international festival of the last savior commenced with the cooperation of the islamic republic of iran broadcasting , ministry of culture and islamic guidance and kowsar - e al - e taha cultural - artistic organization .
3280- mansouri , finding a location the most important part the building of an observatory and said the place that should be chosen for an observatory should have low dust , clear sky and low light contamination .
3281- mansouri added : we will use any innovation to distinguishing power of this telescope .
3282- our aim is that the distinguishing power of this telescope would be on the level of atmospheric telescope in a way that during its use it would seem like there is no atmosphere .
3283- the head of the islamic committee of city of tehran that imam moosa sadr and two of his companions were official guests of kaddafi and the libyan government said : protection of their lives has been the official responsibility of the libyan leader and government .
3284- he stated that this international conspiracy not acceptable said : this conspiracy with the will of god had currently gotten reversed and they were not successful to stop the ideological message of iran 's islamic revolution .
3285- according to irna , hojatolislam " alireza erafi " in the ceremony for the anniversary of the global center for islamic sciences monday evening indicated : in the age of the big absence when all have been called to wait the clerics have very heavy on shoulders .
3286- this round of the international educational classes is held by the federation of public sports and starting today for one week with cooperation of the world federation of public sports and with instructions of four german instructors in kish university .
3287- also saveh friday imam said : the ninth administration revived the forgotten revolutionary values the iranian islamic republic regime by putting the slogan of ( justice and helping the oppressed in the society ) into action .
3288- hojatolislam " abolghasem yaghoubi " added : by justice center the ninth administration delivered the biggest service to the people of the country , and this action shows the continuation of the path of imam khomeini ( rh ) and the mortars of the islamic revolution of iran .
3289- he added : the success of dr. ahmadinejad 's administration in the subject of nuclear energy and uranium enrichment as well as the brave action of gasoline rationing are among the most important measures taken by the ninth administration .
3290- tavallaei added : the mostazafan foundation as a mission designated by the great leader will strive in the fields of science , promotion of the culture of development for people and specifically border regions such as koramshahr .
3291- they added : in recent years the young iranian scientist succeeded in conquering high science and technology one after another showing that can stand on our feet and depend on ourselves without the dependence on foreigners .
3292- " mehrdad gharibi " a resident of semnan said : in the last two years the islamic republic of iran has achieved important successes in all fields and away from scuffles and commotions of oppression has taken steps in the path of progress and development .
3293- he added : of course some who cannot tolerate the successes of this nation in concert with the global oppression try to exaggerate some economic problems disregarding the great scientific successes .
3294- pointing out that this group used to say the time for the support of the late imam and the martyrs ideals has passed he stated : ahmadinejad entered the scene of election by these ideas and won .
3295- the general manager of the hamedan 's road and transportation office said : considering the importance and the position of roads in materializing the goals of development the government in the road construction sector especially paving village roads province .
3296- he added : the amount of land currently in afghanistan to plant poppy seeds is more than the total lands in colombia , peru , bolivia and latin america countries used to produce cocaine .
3297- he added : those who do not accept the logic of partnership cannot ask others to provide quorum of two thirds of members of the parliament to choose a president for them they should rather reach an agreement with them .
3298- he considered the ninth administration report card clear and immaculate naming dr. ahmadinejad 's administration as the administration of labor effort and hardworking and asked all authorities to serving the public .
3299- in his amended cabinet abeh assigned the key positions of the head and the speaker of the government administration secretary of state minister of the treasury minister of economy , commerce and technology and minister of defense to experienced people who have held previous posts in the cabinet .
3300- in this cabinet the responsible minister for economy and financial of the government and the minister in charge the prevention of the decline birthrate and the advancement of equality of cooperation of men and women in society , are females .
3301- he said : for the empowerment of this sector this year the book of export ability of the central state along with film three languages the basis for investment and the potential of the state .
3302- he added : there is comprehensive information about the strength of industrial , agricultural , tourism , services and unions and commercial trade companies in this book which has been provided to the ambassadors of iran around the world , investors and officials .
3303- according to a report by irna , these plans include two urban , two demonstrative plans for the centers of saghneh and faranegh , operation " h
3304- l " ayatollah khatami center , the development of the fourth switches of ashtijeh , sarv oliya hdsl , fakhr abad and hafta , operation of two "
3305- gsnn " solar and operation of two communication service offices
3306- by thanking the vice president and the head of the physical education organization for commencing this olympia he added : the national competitions did not exist in most fields and this olympia has given the national championship competition a fundamental and effective image .
3307- he if individuals for the evaluation system will be corrected and with professional work services but if organizations based on individuals we have destroyed everything beginning .
3308- also in one of his statements steve jobs said : after the apple was eaten by eve in paradise and after the fruit fell on newton 's head , this is the third time that an apple creates a revolution in the history of human kind .
3309- among esfahan province 's distinguished employees hassan safaeimanesh reporter morteza mansouri habibabadi office clerk and mohammadreza saghafian the distinguished retiree of the islamic republic news agency esfahan center were named and were honored and praised by tablets of honor .
3310- " the cooperation for the conference of ministers asian countries future " , " the increase of activities in doping " and " the increase of the level of exchange of athletes and coaches among asian countries " are axes of conducting this conference .
3311- in all his years of premiership tony blair tried to play the role of a committed allay for the white house .
3312- separating the borders of considerations of bush and blair in all past years in many fields was either impossible or so difficult that to say london has chosen with the neo - conservative leanings ruling the white house .
3313- the similarity of such experience at least after world war ii was only present at the end of $year and beginning $year meaning the time that the conservative ms. margaret thatcher was prime minister of england and ronald reagan neo - conservative president of america .
3314- at those times the leaders of the country were the initiators of the return to the understanding of liberalism that has differences with the first generation liberalism governing the west .
3315- return to a free economy government downsizing distancing from a welfare government were fundamental characteristics of a view that became famous as neo - liberalism .
3316- the representative of iran at the referee council of asia expressed hope that his strong participation at this referee committee , more positive steps would be taken toward promotion of level and placement of karate referees of iran in the near future .
3317- pottery , glass making , blanket weaving , felt carpet weaving , coarse woolen cloth coarse carpet , various kinds of hand - woven fretted rugs cotton shoes weaving decorative arts on wood and shell and many other traditional arts are the products presented at this exhibition .
3318- mohammad abedini added : the consequences of the lack of the presence of the head of the household negative view of the society toward prisoner 's families , higher vulnerability of children in these families and deprivation of the society from production force are the other symptoms of imprisonment .
3319- the other positive incidents at the margins of this round of competitions was the election of five member consulate of referees as the highest authority in decision making for the matter of judgement of karate for the ancient continent iran was successful in winning one of the seats of this referee committee for the second time .
3320- the minister of science continued : but some information is vital and important for the country so if there is a local data center and this information would be stored in the country 's internet center we will feel at peace that the enemies can no longer damage it .
3321- i am a pharmacist who because of profession have to go from tehran to islam shahr everyday and come back .
3322- now we can dare to reiterate that the theory of " realistic idealism is a combining pattern and third model adopted by the ninth government .
3323- in these paradigms , ideals and realities have a meaningful relationship with each other .
3324- and again like always the cameras started to capture the moments .
3325- some of the boys had embraced the shroud .
3326- like a baby who has calmly fallen asleep in mother 's arms .
3327- gradually the boys became bored .
3328- at last after prayer and meal they said you should be three groups .
3329- destination fakeh , tala'ieh and shalamcheh .
3330- everybody wanted to go to fakeh several reasons .
3331- i am a pharmacist who because of my profession have to go from tehran to islam shahr everyday and come back .
3332- ground is not important .
3333- if not stadium , there are parks .
3334- firstly investigation in other areas was not serious and shalamcheh and tala'ieh were mostly host to pilgrims and caravans of en route for light but in fakeh investigations were everyday on the other hand fakeh was else .
3335- most of the martyrs of investigation had flown in fakeh .
3336- seyyed morteza avini , mahmoudvand ,
3337- this last martyr pazouki mahmoudvand 's friend could not stand his separation more a year .
3338- in short no one would compromise .
3339- using saintly - like tricks was fruitless as well .
3340- they were very experienced .
3341- at last we agreed to draw lots .
3342- in short i who was more experienced than others using some tricks that i will not mention now placed myself among the passengers of fakeh .
3343- ahmmad azizkhani a lad from mobarekeh mohammad allahnia a lad from the north and i dispatched from the desert .
3344- sutherland has called these armed individuals volunteers and partisans who serve as eyes and ears of the american army in iraq .
3345- brigade $year consisting of the military personnel of saddam army , was formed in $year with the aim of fighting the american presence in iraq and now has joined forces with america .
3346- these problems solved correcting the management of the leaders , if the leaders become correct and their thought and point of view would be humanistic , the human society would enjoy justice and peace .
3347- the president stating that today 's human problems are because of unjust leaders , specified : the solution of this problem goes back to the correction of the leaders .
3348- at last late at night it was past ten that we were fortunate and a toyota arrived .
3349- as soon as we opened our eyes we saw we were out of ahvaz on the road .
3350- it was dark and the route unfamiliar .
3351- mohammad , in front beside the driver and ahmad and i back .
3352- the driver was a middle - aged , spectacled and rather small man .
3353- accent was similar mashhadis .
3354- he asked our names .
3355- what where we came from and what we could do .
3356- really what was our job ? i do not remember if he introduced himself or not .
3357- a couple of hours there were no cities villages paved roads .
3358- for their malevolence and incorrect measure they have been in the marsh of their behavior and cannot do anything but to accept defeat .
3359- they must recognize the iraqi people 's rights .
3360- the secretary of planning of the hormozgan province in this ceremony offered a report about the trend of holding the tenth round of martyr rajaie festival considered improving the management systems in the enforcement organizations and promoting decency and civil obedience among the most important goals of this festival .
3361- he announced the passage of six new industrials cities for khorasan shomali in the seventeenth provincial meeting of the government among other positive achievements of the ninth administration in the provinces .
3362- only military police .
3363- a hello and greeting showing the pass and the road again .
3364- i did not think the route was so long .
3365- it was about one thirty when we got there .
3366- the vehicle stopped next to a cottage .
3367- almost nothing was visible .
3368- we opened the door and entered .
3369- i think we stepped on some people as well .
3370- we put our bags under our heads and slept at the end of the cottage .
3371- it was a custom that azan everyone was up and usually would not sleep after the prayers .
3372- the woman 's sport salon of parsabad cost three billion rials and on one thousand square meters as well as several production and corporation plans were also opened during this ceremony .
3373- describing the ninth administration does its best to serve people and eliminate their problems he said this administration considers no position for itself other than serving people and solving their problems .
3374- describing this issue in a gathering the clerics scholars and professors of in tehran dr. haddad adel the islamic consultative assembly chairman added : the importance of this bill is more than the country 's whole budget bill .
3375- according to a report by irna , dr. parviz davoudi surveyed the process of building the dam and the power plant on his trip .
3376- five six soldiers , six seven guards and almost the same number of volunteers .
3377- the headquarter consisted of several rather big semicircle shaped and cement cottages and a large lot .
3378- exactly on the border line .
3379- maybe beyond .
3380- the law enforcement station was two kilometers behind .
3381- an embankment of almost two meters in the west corner of the station and a paved road that connected this side to that side .
3382- the only thing in this desert that was an indicator for the border was a pole in the middle of the road that would supposedly separate iran from iraq .
3383- a desert that in every direction one looked stretched as far as one could see and the end of the horizon the earth joined sky .
3384- not even a high or low elevation .
3385- like the palm of a hand .
3386- to do this he used to collate and compare many books at last due to similarity of styles as well as comparing the ages of the books he would recognize the original author .
3387- and today we have many works whose authors or historians are not clear to us to this date .
3388- by investigating and evaluating the function of the ninth administration in the political scene it can be claimed with assurance that the administration of dr. ahmadinejad realism and idealism in its agenda .
3389- what we call realistic idealism "
3390- we prayed in open air and in a short time spread the table cloth .
3391- it was more like having a meal dawn than a breakfast ! i thought to myself probably we won't find anything in this desert but stale bread and leftover cheese .
3392- but it seemed that everything was o . k .
3393- breakfast was complete and almost everything was found .
3394- i was surprised .
3395- after the breakfast in the custom the battle time everyone would say and the others would say amen .
3396- some recited strange blessings and everybody laugh .
3397- removed the table cloth and everybody went a direction .
3398- the sun had already risen .
3399- was sitting in a cottage talking to the boys .
3400- esfahan boys .
3401- hussein eshghi was the head of the station the same driver who had brought us from ahvaz the previous night and head of investigation haj mahmoud tavakoli .
3402- we were so happy .
3403- it was arrange ahmad and i would go the first day .
3404- nothing special was needed .
3405- we wore the khakis and tightened boot laces and left the area we were seven eight guys .
3406- we were supposed to leave two vehicles .
3407- a toyota and the other one an ambulance .
3408- of course the ambulance had nothing but a name and a skeleton it had no special equipment .
3409- of course there were mechanical shovels waiting for us on the other side of the border .
3410- we got in the car and we hit the road .
3411- the initial destination was not so far away .
3412- we on this side and iraq the other side .
3413- the vehicles stopped .
3414- we had to wait for iraqis .
3415- investigation on our soil was almost over and based on the agreements the boys were operating inside iraq .
3416- we didn't carry arms .
3417- the iraqis would come and would remain with us to the end .
3418- they were both guards and supervised us as well
3419- the vice president and the head of the cultural heritage , handicrafts and tourism organization said : the historical monument of persepolis should become an investment opportunity absorbing billions of dollars capital .
3420- : contrary to the distributed news , derakhshan is not the technical manager of peikan soccer team as the general manager 's technical consultant this expert is responsible for analysis and investigation of team 's function and providing the general manager the report .
3421- he declared empowering the cooperation fund as an appropriate tool to elevate the efficiency level of the corporations adding : in this regard in the current year this fund 's capital has reached six trillion rials
3422- the kashan governor referred to holding the conference of iran and iraq capabilities in kashan and said : in this trip which was done the previous week , several letters of economic agreements were signed the owners of industries as well as some iraqi officials and merchants .
3423- referring to the american sanctions and the issue of the war imposed on iran iraq , he said : perhaps these problems have caused iran some difficulties in the economic field , but there is no doubt that the iranians have had achievements .
3424- " lou " added : i declare with certainty that iran is one of china 's important partners and it is reliable but due to negative propaganda of western and american media , perhaps some chinese corporations are not aware of this issue .
3425- not only in the islamic countries but all over the world always declaring the first day of the blessed month of ramadan has been controversial because in some countries the start of the month would not be declared until hour .
3426- nation has added : therefore retreating from iraq is not only in accord with our national interests it is an ethical and responsible measure .
3427- according to this weekly , the plan to increase the forces that never should have been executed and never could be successful , has failed as predicted .
3428- meanwhile bush administration tries again to eliminate public pressure in regard to reducing the forces and still avoids admitting its mistakes .
3429- this lack of responsibility , this sacrifice of innocent iraqi and american humans to accomplish unreachable goals should be ended .
3430- nation has specified : the iraq war has failed since long ago and it is time that we finish it we believe complete evacuation of american soldiers from iraq will be the best solution for america , iraq and the region .
3431- this american weekly has written : the congress should not accept the claim the bush administration 's successes and should not allocate a budget for the iraqi occupation rather , the congress should seek compromise and restoration inside and outside of america .
3432- referring to acceptable expansion of the country 's cultural facilities in the last two years the culture and islamic guidance minister said : cultural locations should be a place to empower religious beliefs and people 's faith so they will be able to have necessary influence .
3433- also in this ceremony the governor of azarbayjan - e gharbi explained the measures of the ninth administration in cultural , economic and social various sectors and said : the development of each of these sectors in the province has had positive impacts in the field of politics too .
3434- he added : the same manner that they do house cleaning for the spring of nature at the end of the month of esfand they clean and tidy their houses in the month of ramadan which is the spring of lives and the spring of quran .
3435- their shouts at the end of the demonstration remind each other " tomorrow morning , eight in the morning , jaleh square " was a sign of a much more powerful and more extensive gathering in the following day and this had frightened the american regime of shah so much .
3436- in the combination of experimental sciences , agriculture and animal husbandry nasim batvani from oroumieh , negar mohseni from tehran - e shemal and seyedeh maryam vaez from tehran - e pezeshki took first three ranks .
3437- he said : iranian parties fortunately have completely positive report cards in regard to their reimbursements to chinese financial and commercial corporations and this provides the background for more cooperation .
3438- the ministry of education office for publication of textbooks representative said : in next four years there would be a hundred percent change in the curriculum of all educational groups especially courses of farsi language and literature .
3439- saturday evening in the conference of educational groups of language and literature of district five of the country held in ilam , " mohammad ghasempour " added : the overall changes of farsi language and literature should be completely placed in the words , lives and hearts of future generations .
3440- in the statement that was issued friday night , the measure zionist regime against syria has been considered against the united nation 's charter international principles and laws , as well as a threat against global peace and security .
3441- the head of khorasan 's science and technology park regarded human development as the promising element of the development of the human mind and added : in general the issue of social development is mixed with knowledge and thought and in this regard the issue of scientific development is in fact development based on knowledge .
3442- in continuation pakistan 's science and technology deputy minister said : i congratulate the iranian people and government for the achievement and success in new research on basic cells and the country is prepared to use the experiments gained .
3443- this official specified : the route designed for development of the tourism industry in the country is an unreturnable route whoever leads the country in the future is forced to continue .
3444- he who at the moment the secretary high commission of sports for government employees declared the goal of conducting these contests as promoting sports in the governmental offices level , increasing the level of health as well as rejuvenation and merriment among the government employees .
3445- he considered health and vivacity as a background for elevating efficiency in offices , organizations , institutes , industrial and production factories and said : a healthy and lively society would have a motivation and creativity for effort , endeavor and reconstruction .
3446- meanwhile due to atmospheric disorder and a great reduction in visibility because of contamination of baghdad air some sources deem it probable that the airplanes for foreign missions participating in this conference would not be able to land in the baghdad airport on time .
3447- referring to the american sanctions and the issue of the war imposed on iran iraq , he said : perhaps these problems have caused iran some difficulties in the economic field , but there is no doubt that the iranians have had great achievements .
3448- " lou " added : i declare with certainty that iran is one of china 's important partners and it is reliable but due to negative propaganda of the western and the american media , perhaps some chinese corporations are not aware of this issue .
3449- those days desire of every volleyballist was the realization of conditions of the performance of the islamic countries ' women contests and that despite the unique boldness of the then president 's daughter would face one thousand one barriers till materialized .
3450- referring to the necessity of culture producing in the society , and regarding the popular interest to art , bangiz said : in the west valuing art and visiting exhibitions has been transmitted generation to generation and children are with this social culture from the start .
3451- however in iran due to their economical problems and activities many families are not and this duty is transferred to an institution such as the ministry of education , but unfortunately this entity does not perform its duty in a desirable form .
3452- a japanese newspaper wrote in this regard : this laptop is able to do the identification in one second , using facial features such as eyes and mouth .
3453- it is appropriate an extra gasoline ration for certain , such as pharmacists who deal with life of people so that they carry on their responsibilities better .
3454- the market for animal oil is in tehran and kermanshah and no major transactions are conducted on various kinds of cooking oil from kermanshah and shahreza .
3455- at this time cooperative companies and purchasing institutions avoid purchase for their needs and the reason is that the cost of animal oil has risen in the last month because of the lack of demand .
3456- deputy minister of agricultural jihad stated the above mentioned added : the guiding plan with the aim of reckoning various problems of the agricultural sector and the study of these issues at the technical , economic and social sectors are made available to the farmers .
3457- the other example is human teeth .
3458- the teeth that are positioned in the front of mouths is to cut and chop the the teeth that are positioned in the back is to grind and soften .
3459- it is in this way that the eminent god points to the adjustment as well as justice and balance .
3460- ( as we mentioned , adjustment is placing everything in its own place in a way that crookedness or strangeness and balance and harmony means everything would be in its own size .
3461- it said : o human ! if you think about this issue you will see that it is your generous god who has created you in this form .
3462- this is the same problem that we have with hamas and the fall of fatah .
3463- berginski : we focused all of our effort on insisting on the issue of election in palestine hasmas won and after this victory not only we did not recognize hamas , but we also boycotted this group financially .
3464- hamas refuses to recognize israel , but this is a fact that has kept the ceasefire there and this fact is dealing with the present reality .
3465- i think economic boycott and being deprived of civil rights causes the strengthening aggression in area .
3466- charlie rose : if this happens the central government of israel would be weakened .
3467- kissinger : the first thing we have to pay attention to is where we are going from here .
3468- for the issue of palestine we are in a congruent position since most of the groups except hamas are in agreement with one form of resolution .
3469- kissinger : no , the right to return is only imaginable for country palestine .
3470- in addition to the resolutions in regard to jerusalem that should be resolved to some extent by israel 's retreat .
3471- why ? because they are armed with the koran and they read the koran interpret the koran for that who is supposed to revive the koran .
3472- they have considered the koran teachings patience silence and , and mehdi considers them sword shouting and struggling .
3473- they have chosen pettiness and vileness and deprivation and agreeing with and the corrupted and mehdi is the voice of epic and pride and fight with and corrupted and demanding rights .
3474- these are condescension and leniency and he the man of revolt and strength and advancement .
3475- and our emotional and social basis is not favorable for that change .
3476- all this emphasis on the importance of waiting and the promise of good deeds is proper for the creation of a favorable environment and discipline of individuals .
3477- so real and correct waiting is the readiness for creation and willingness .
3478- imam himself , in a message to sheik mofid had stated : if the harsh ways of shiite did not exist they would have the honor to meet us .
3479- so waiting is for the creation of merit competence worthiness of correction , work , struggle and .
3480- waiting is a dynamic condition of the society , not sitting silently and patience and tolerance and waiting for someone else to come and correct the work .
3481- we should always be ready .
3482- and because we do not know when mehdi would be coming and when this waiting would be over , should be ready every moment .
3483- ibn batuteh in his travel diary writes : wailing the shiites priestly vestment for the imam .
3484- in the proximity of the city 's big bazaar , there is a mosque a silk curtain hanging its door .
3485- and that place is called the mosque of alzaman .
3486- a hundred armed men with hanging swords at night after prayers .
3487- takes a horse or a camel and goes toward the mosque of alzaman .
3488- drum and trumpets and blow horns are played in front of this animal .
3489- the other people move aside this group .
3490- and when they get to saheb alzaman , they stand up in front of the door call : in the name of god o saheb alzaman , in the name of god ! come out because destruction has covered the face of earth and wickedness .
3491- it is time you come so god would separate right from wrong through you .
3492- and in the same way they continue to play the blow horn and trumpet and drums until the evening prayers start .
3493- you can understand this from the type of exercises .
3494- no obstacle could stop leila from moving forward .
3495- she runs in the hope of the future .
3496- even now that is winner of a bronze in running asia the doors of the azadi stadium would hardly get opened for her in the hope to gain the olympic ration .
3497- even if she is forced to spend some time for the necessary cooperation federation personnel , for a few hours of exercise at the azadi ground .
3498- even if the gift of the pegout of the president would belong to the third volleyball players in asia and not to her .
3499- even if her scholarship would be much less than the amount that the active men receive in this athletic field .
3500- the drive of this winning runner of asia is so strong that the issues related to stadium and exercise all seem so small .
3501- if not stadium there are parks .
3502- there are various locations where one can exercise in peace .
3503- it only needs some persistence and will .
3504- this runner leila ebrahimi of asia is a self - confident , happy and cheerful and energetic girl .
3505- it is a spring like the season of his birthday .
3506- very green .
3507- she is very friendly with her friends and teammates and most of the time adds humor her words .
3508- you feel comfortable with her .
3509- even though she is a champion haughtiness and arrogance of a champion .
3510- leila loves painting and is seriously active in the field of oil painting but because of the constraint of the exercises she has distanced herself from the world of color and brush .
3511- she sometimes reads books in leisure time .
3512- novel and history are her favorite books but the last book that she read was in the field of literature with the title short stories of shahnameh .
3513- leila ebrahimi is not really into going to movies or theater but she usually gets movies from clubs and watches them at home .
3514- she does not have time for mountain hiking or taking a stroll with her teammates .
3515- she says most of the time we are together for exercising .
3516- exercises are breath taking and tiring so if there is time left i prefer to rest .
3517- when she and her friends get tired , they focus on badminton .
3518- swimming is included in their athletic program .
3519- the hezbollah fighters who are influenced by the spiritual and legendary atmosphere of iran 's great islamic revolution by following the imam 's high ideals were able to create a majestic and wonderful epopee .
3520- creating this epopee one fact and that was reliance on god and divine eternal power .
3521- also providing an easy accessibility for people to electronic services is the next step of which requisite is to provide a safe , sure and stable communication infrastructure ; it seems that this infrastructure has not been provided yet .
3522- in the short run however it was determined that in order to eliminate executive shortcomings taking into account providing necessary funds from domestic resources the communication companies under the supervision of the ministry be used as the policy makers and the provincial companies as the executer and the operator .
3523- the minor and the major which are also called the short and the lengthy .
3524- based on imam asgari 's order he undertook the position of hazrat - e mahdi 's agent and as long as he was alive he continued this service .
3525- he was the agent and the counsel of imam - e zaman ( aj ) for about fifty years .
3526- two years before death adu ja'affar mohammad ben osman , gathered the shiite elders and prominent and introduced hussein ben rooh who was his trusted deputy for years , as his successor .
3527- he was among the wise people of age .
3528- based on the will of hussein ben rooh and the order of imam - e zaman ( aj ) he was chosen as the envoy and special deputy of imam and a duration close to two years he was the connection between the hidden imam and the shiites .
3529- after his death the duration of minor absence and the age of envoyship and special deputy came to an end and the age of major absence started .
3530- in the name of god the compassionate the merciful .
3531- o ali ibn mohammad samri , may god increase your brothers ' rewards for mourning your loss .
3532- you will die after six days .
3533- so prepare yourself and do not leave any will to any individual for your succession because the total absence is starting and there would be no appearance , unless by the permission of the almighty god and that would be after a period of time and cruelty of hearts and filling of the earth by oppression .
3534- soon there would be some people among the shiites who come and claim they have observed .
3535- whoever claims to see me before the exit of a sofian - like person and heavenly siheh , is a liar and slanderer .
3536- except these four individuals who are called envoys of the praised and deputies of the approved , apparently other people the imam 's presence during that minor absence .
3537- however there have been others who falsely claimed envoys and gate and have been harshly denied and cursed by the shiites such as shariati and nomairi and hussein halaj and shalamkhani and etc.
3538- with the end of the life of ali ibn mohammad samri , the age of special envoy came to an end and the age of general envoy started .
3539- meaning that the general and common conditions were set by the imam and at any age it corresponds with anybody would be the word of imam , his obedience mandatory and his opposition .
3540- regarding the incidents that occur to you , you should refer to the narrators of our news ( the scholars ) .
3541- they are my reasons for you and i am god 's reason )
3542- according to a report by irna , is responsible for conducting the program of honoring master khoram .
3543- according to mirase khabar , the ava musical group along with mohammad reza shajarian , will perform a concert in a major city of america and canada early $year .
3544- according to a report by isna , his wife has announced reparatory problems the cause of his death .
3545- concerning the reasons for accepting a role this actor posed this question which is better couplet or mathnavi he answered his question said : it is obvious that mathnavi and couplet each have their own places .
3546- according to the report by the public relations of the youth cinema society tehran was chosen as the permanent headquarters for the producers of short of the islamic countries .
3547- this manifestation of life in local melodies is so powerful that sometimes the name and tune of the piece performed absorbs feel characteristics of a nation .
3548- in the eleventh festival , different generations compete with each other .
3549- $year consisting of the military personnel of saddam , was formed in $year with the aim of fighting the american presence in iraq and now has joined forces with america .
3550- the sources related to brigade $year have claimed that concerning a halt in operations against the americans and joining the american army in iraq , their goal has been to create a front against al - qaeda .
3551- however the analysts of the region have stated that this cooperation means the strategic defeat of america in iraq and washington 's return to pre - $year situation and reliance to those individuals who in saddam 's era acted as the american trust points in iraq as well .
3552- meanwhile regarding the current developments in iraq , the american society has experienced a notorious ramification and a serious friction .
3553- in the shadow of the long term opposition of the democrats with the war in iraq , this measure by the democrat party has caused different in america and europe to wonder to an extent that some analysts have interpreted this action as a trap for the republicans .
3554- in justifying their new position , the democrats have called the positive effects of recent intensified american military measures in iraq as a solution for solving the crisis in iraq sooner and a faster exit of the american personnel from iraq .
3555- it is interesting that the republicans who are traditionally famous for supporting war and call for more intensified measures in regard to iraq crisis have been shocked and confused with this position taken by democrats .
3556- souri pointed to the objects of this conference reminded : the main object of this conference is to use the viewpoints of koran experts publishers printing companies and to set forth ideas different university koranic institutes and documentary making centers about printing the koran .
3557- people should come to this belief that they are powerful and when the private sector played its role in the best manner as the main custodian the guidance too will play role .
3558- the cabinet stipulated : on thursday special branches of banks in the centers of provinces and cities will be active to address the people 's needs .
3559- also in this session a number of by - laws of executive offices were passed after discussion and review .
3560- the second formal session of the assembly of experts of leadership will be held next week .
3561- they did not tell us the truth , or at least everybody didn't tell us the truth .
3562- they said if you come you cause bloodshed .
3563- you make a stream of blood making a mound out of dead .
3564- they frightened us of your advent ; just as they hid an event as sweet as a birth and speak only of delivery pain .
3565- the great problem for the chinese leaders is that while they are aware of their needs to an independent judicial organization , they know that establishing such organization could mean the appearance of a fundamental competitor for their communist party .
3566- he concluded that tenet had relied on some information segments of foreign services too much .
3567- he announced : a big project such as behbahan 's maroun bridge will be utilized as well .
3568- khoramdareh - etelaat reporter : city of khoramdareh planning committee held a meeting .
3569- chenaran etelaat reporter : concurrent with the government week , chranan 's friday imam in executive officials of this city said : the officials should act in a manner that the judgment of people later be good about their function .
3570- hojatoleslam kowsari added : we leaned on chairs and we are flipping a book which the pages are the book of the blood of the martyrs so today we are guarding the thought of the martyrs and this is a very heavy responsibility .
3571- zali said : karaj school of agriculture 's entomology museum is the oldest entomology museum and unfortunately due to deterioration of its building and also lack of appropriate resources is about to be dilapidated .
3572- describing that building is several decades , he added : taking into consideration the passage of time the building seriously therefore this building cannot be used as a museum .
3573- zali specified : samples of insects are kept in this museum and the generation of many of these insects has been extinct .
3574- according to him if the slightest unpredictable incident happens in this building surely other valuable samples will be destroyed .
3575- this plan executed we can prevent the destruction of the samples available in this museum .
3576- the philanthropists present in this gathering have taken significant measure in the sectors of presenting dowries , housing and treatment of the deprived supporting orphans .
3577- governors of the cities of karaj and shahriar , ajorlou the representative of karaj in the islamic consultative assembly , friday imams of fardis , golestan and bustan the chairman of the city of karaj office hajj and pilgrimage were among participated in this gathering .
3578- a number of american scientists believe that it is possible to contact the residents of these planets by radio waves and to that purpose litkos language invented by professor fraurenthal will be used .
3579- signs similar to primitive languages will be used in this language and it is hoped it could be a means of communication with residents of planets .
3580- addressing people of tehran said : tehran municipality is supposed to do some duties for the money it takes from the people .
3581- in shiraz and ahvaz due to the fact that currently gas , the tubing and their branches will be started late this year and will be finished late next year .
3582- in mythological texts of different nations the subject of the end of time somewhat has been considered because in fact this is the common denominator and essential belief of human being and it is placed in minds of all and unconsciousness and the total mind of the human being always speaks of it .
3583- as a composition that has considered all positions of human life psychological and aspects islam , by designing a social system , has introduced sensible life and a pure and desirable life to the human society .
3584- based on the fact that last word one specific nation or tribe or sect rather man has been addressed during the course of history and somewhat the last word has been presented by the last envoy of .
3585- the issue of the world 's future is put forth in the field of philosophy of history .
3586- the philosophy of history is a science that analyzes history and using a criteria the beginning and reference and the destination of history in the wide range of cause and effect interaction between man and history .
3587- will evaluate .
3588- in continuation he added : since the last painting biennial was held by the painters society , we decided we hold the seventh painting biennial this year so that it would be a start for mehregan and cheheltekeh biennials .
3589- ayatollahi considered the purpose of conducting the seventh biennial persuading the young generation to think and said : in this biennial our young generation should think what we have been and what we are and we can be so that they would not be a mere imitator
3590- the reason is that substantial costs have been paid to defend the revolution and the republic meaning the reign of people over their own destiny and we as the defenders of the valuable legacy of imam should always have the republic the islamic regime in mind .
3591- the establishment of rural offices and public phone booths is among other successes of the ministry of communication .
3592- it is obvious the transactions between the accounts of all customers ( including actual legal customers and customers who with the agent are categorized under the title of group customers ) should be conducted based on the guideline related to the transfer of customers ' claims .
3593- according to a report by the associated press from beijing , based on statements from shinhava news agency , experts warn that the excessive population increase in beijing will result in an extreme decline of natural resources and damage to the area 's environment .
3594- ahmadinejad specified : the masses of people are pursuers of rights , pursuers of justice , peace and the pursuers of respected social exchanges .
3595- in history where sedition , oppression , and lack of security are planned by the people .
3596- wherever there is chaos it is from unjust leaders .
3597- pointing to the fact that all the prophets are sent so they would lead man to the point of perfection he accentuated : all the hard work of the prophets the leadership to be in the hands of healthy men .
3598- these problems the management of the leaders , if the leaders become correct and their thought and point of view would be humanistic , the human society would enjoy justice and peace .
3599- complete human at goodness and god has promised to man so helplessness and revengefulness would exit man 's heart and hopefulness would rule humans .
3600- regarding iran 's nuclear issues the president said : we have talked about nuclear issue many times .
3601- based on the regulations of the agency all the members have the right of the rotation of the nuclear fuel and the members who posses this technology and atomic energy agency are mandated to aid all the members to reach the rotation of fuel .
3602- he added : during few years they tried to stop the people of iran with propaganda , political pressures and economic pressures .
3603- they threatened us military attacks many times .
3604- we told them why like this , because all the reports from the atomic energy agency show that there are no transgressions in nuclear activities .
3605- the president emphasizing that these oppressing powers rely on their financial powers states : their assessment criteria is the number of rockets , not knowing that the culture of the people of iran is a deep and undefeatable culture .
3606- ahmadinejad pointed out : iranian officials tried to guarantee but that some powers do not want iran to benefit from this technology .
3607- we want to defend our rights because of this the natanz facilities were established .
3608- the president said : currently iran has access to a nuclear fuel chain and its nuclear activities are peaceful and it has organized its activities in the framework of regulations and its legal rights .
3609- ahmadinejad added : many of them are compromising with us .
3610- many of them tell us that we thought that if we threaten iran it retreats and gives up its rights but we saw that we have made a mistake .
3611- he said : currently there are two or three countries that think they are superpowers and they act beyond the law .
3612- although they know themselves they cannot do anything they want to retain the false image of power and by distributing some issues according to themselves they preserve their prestige .
3613- while i tell them oppression and your unlawful measures against iran has not been and is not fruitful .
3614- during these two years you disgraced the iranian nation you were impolite , you accused the iranian nation while you knew your claims were empty and unreal .
3615- you witnessed that your measures have no result and the iranian nation with a love to god and the promised one and effort continued its way and never border of politeness and respect and tried to defend its right .
3616- you have made the problem eliminate these weapons to the problem .
3617- many countries do not pursue the bomb rather they want to use nuclear energy for industry and the welfare of their nation , meaning they use peacefully .
3618- president said : i advise them that they do not repeat their ugly behavior with others .
3619- they must know those times passed when they would sit issue orders and other nations would follow them .
3620- the president said : the oppressive powers with their incorrect action not only brought under question their own prestige and their nations but they brought under question the prestige of international organizations such as security council they sacrificed the security council for their illegal demands .
3621- he said : we say to the oppressive powers to leave selfishness and greed and be aware that the time of oppression .
3622- i tell them that your behavior caused other nations to be suspicious about your behaviors and words .
3623- he said : during this time you have done some wrongdoing , i tell you give up your bully actions and take sides with the nations .
3624- you cannot compensate incorrect deeds you have made during these years the iranian nation in a simple manner .
3625- however it is possible that be forgiven by the nation of iran .
3626- by enmity towards the iranian nation you gain nothing but abjectness and humiliation .
3627- in another part of his speech in continuation of his press interview the president pointed to iraq and said : the iraqi scene .
3628- the iraqi scene is one of the scenes demonstrating the management of incompetent and selfish people .
3629- later they came and said saddam is a dictator and the factor of instability in the region and in respect to this issue as well as the discovery of weapons of mass destruction they attacked iraq .
3630- in fact they stayed in to plunder the iraqi nation 's essence and established basis which would increase their sovereignty in the region .
3631- they tried towards the realization of this goal that they create disunion among the people of iraq .
3632- between shiite and sunni , between sunni and , while the people of iraq had lived together peacefully many years .
3633- he said : theses oppressive powers for realization of their demands and reaching their illegitimate goals created between the iraqi people and tried to weaken the government which rose from the votes of the people of this country .
3634- actually they do not want the iraqi people to be independent and a prosperous country .
3635- they want to make iraq unstable so that they can justify their in iraq .
3636- in fact instability in iraq is an excuse and justification for occupiers .
3637- this instability is the root of problems of the iraqi people .
3638- these oppressive powers come and say that popular and legal of iraq should be replaced .
3639- the constitution of this country be changed .
3640- the president said : the oppressive powers have been caught in iraq .
3641- for oppressive powers in iraq the life of iraqi people is not important .
3642- the only thing that they see is their never - filling pockets .
3643- we say to the oppressive powers enough so much slaughter you committed .
3644- this method in iraq you make the conditions complicated for yourself .
3645- these measures and disrespectful acts towards the nation and government of iraq are not an exit way for you .
3646- he said : i expressly announce that today the political power of occupiers in iraq has been defeated .
3647- the president said : soon we will witness the big power vacuum in the region .
3648- here we announce that with the help of our neighbors and friends in the region including saudi arabia we are prepared to fill this vacuum .
3649- with the help of the iraqi people we fill this vacuum .
3650- this event is about to happen .
3651- eyes should be open and witness this issue .
3652- he said : here we advise the oppressive powers to give up obstinacy and selfishness .
3653- by playing with words psychological war nothing would change .
3654- he said : currently the iraqi scene is another example of mismanagement of the great powers .
3655- nations should move on and with the help of people replace management .
3656- according the main viewpoint of this text , the main factor in the increase of age of marriage is the experience and the rebuilding of the iranian society .
3657- like other societies , the iranian society by passing over the traditional discipline and social life ruling over it and entering a social life inherent with the modern order , has passed some developments and changes .
3658- naturally if these developments happen without planning and prediction and the society is not ready to accept developments in terms of economical , social and cultural conditions its negative consequences would be more than positive .
3659- it seems in regard to an increase in the youth marriage age , we are witness such .
3660- the first level ) the mega - society level ; meaning the more society leaves traditions and the specific order ruling it approaching a modern situation a different order the higher the rate increase in the marriage age .
3661- the third level ) the individual level ; meaning the more modernism ( economical , social , cultural and psychological ) in individuals the higher the marriage age among them .
3662- therefore , it is safe to say the more society progresses toward modernism and experiences more factors of the modern life ( along with its inherent and natural values ) in the three levels above , the more delay in marriage therein .
3663- after setting the tankers in fire , the armed insurgents with an ambiguous motif , closed iranshahr chahbahar and took hostages .
3664- the interesting is that the more colorful this fruit is the more benefits ; for example huckleberry which is darker has more this pigment than red radish and is better .
3665- these issues were addressed in the conference of the chemical materials society in america a few weeks ago .
3666- even though it had been known before that fruits have anti - cancer properties through this research the scientists were successful in learning that this specific substance meaning " antocianin has a special usage in fighting cancers of the digestion system .
3667- the researchers have concluded that a small amount of this substance enters the blood stream but it appears some of it is absorbed during passage through the intestines .
3668- the result of these studies even though the dark color fruits more beneficial for preventing colon cancer scientists believe we should not think our bodies only need such color fruits .
3669- by considering this study and previous studies scientists suggest that we should use different fruits during the day so we would benefit from their different beneficial properties .
3670- as you are aware iron is necessary for the prevention of anemia and calcium for solidity of bones and teeth health .
3671- folic acid is also effective in the health of the heart and preventing fetal defect .
3672- to know that glutathione which in spinach , avocado cabbage and broccoli is effective in protecting dna and rna and strengthening the defense system .
3673- lutein is also a type of antioxidant which protects the eye and prevents cataracts and the destruction of macula cells of the eyes caused by old age .
3674- hanna arrnet is one of the human modern society critics .
3675- she says : our modern age with its ever exceeding strangeness from the world has come to that no matter where man goes only faces himself .
3676- north of iran for having clean climates , virgin nature and tourist attractions every year hosts the tourists who come to this the country for leisure and .
3677- the number of iraqis who leave their homes because of after the commencement of the operation for exceeding the united states in iraq during the month of february the current gregorian year .
3678- the same situation has been reported by irna about areas eastern central and south tehran , but some of the gas stations located in northern and north eastern tehran were reported less crowded than other areas .
3679- at the intersection of vali asr avenue and zartosht avenue , the line of vehicles caused the intersection in this area and it was reported that the line of reached vali asr square located one kilometer this intersection .
3680- on satarkhan avenue near behbodi avenue also the line of awaiting vehicles was continued to behbodi avenue and some of the citizens were waiting to enter the line through surrounding streets .
3681- osameh najifi , of the high ranked members of fehrest al - araghiah yesterday the satisfaction of this political organization about maleki 's work requested reforms in the operation of government and change the cabinet 's structure .
3682- though he did not confirm possibility the ministers list the government he refrained to deny this report .
3683- this is the first time that the political parties of iraq talk about a possible effort to take down maleki 's government this crisis had never before escalated to this level in maleki 's cabinet .
3684- the main reason to fruits and vegetables is their nutritional values .
3685- except for avocadoes , coconuts and olives which naturally contain oil , most fruit and vegetables have little fat and and most of them are important sources of vitamin a and c and fiber .
3686- in addition to that most of the fruit and vegetables specially dried beans and various chickpeas are good sources of folic acid and group b vitamins which reduce fetal defects .
3687- the historical and cultural textures of the cities are precious monuments which reflect culture and science and native urbanism and are considered a part of social identity of every nation and country .
3688- a paramedic says some of the aids patients in papua new guinea are buried alive by their family members who can not care for them or are afraid of the transmission of to themselves .
3689- the crisis of authorities is a separate thing we have even fallen behind the countries around the persian golf developing bio - technology industries in the sanctum of became legal scissors for cutting h virus .
3690- he specified , in addition to the increase in density tolerance and a decrease in porosity and ultimately control and halting the migration of gas and flour from cement are among other benefits of using nano particles in the compositions of slush cement .
3691- he emphasizes : the shadow of america 's election are very heavy on politics and they are willing to send their soldiers to deaths and kill people of iraq to get votes which is the same wrong management .
3692- we had already started working in this regard .
3693- in travels i directly meet with iranians and listen to them .
3694- the justice minister accompanied us in travel to the united states last year will accompany this year as well .
3695- governor of bejnord also believes the ninth administration attention to these than the previous administration .
3696- the speaker the pakistan secretary of state in answering a question confirmed the future travel of richard boucher " states assistant secretary of state to and added : he will come to islamabad september eleventh .
3697- he expressed that he wasn't happy with inappropriate of the sales agent added : for getting this very sim card gift i cancelled my business travel to tehran but i was not able to get sim card gift even today .
3698- after a few days my spouse to get his sim card gift eventually lost his / her temper and got physical with irancell people i was afraid a fight would break out and to prevent confrontation i went personally but nobody is answering me .
3699- sayed reza razavi added : irancell doesn't have an appropriate and active service and it can be said they are not responsive to anyone because irancell 's response to the clients takes so much that consider giving up on sim cards .
3700- zamani specified : this town should designed be close most locations the city of tehran including the subway , railway , expressway and most important of all the city of tehran .
3701- ankara - the new turkish president " abdollah gol " presidential palace of this country tuesday evening in ankara , received the presidency from the former president " ahmet necdet sezer . "
3702- tokyo in a telephone conversation with his american counterpart " condoleeza rice " " nobutaka machimura " the new japanese foreign minister committed japan to passing the bill for extending the anti - terrorism law of this country .
3703- also based on emphasis on returning " navaz and shahbaze sharrif " has increased the political challenges pakistan to such extent that general musharraf has sent the prosecutor general of this country " malik muhammad qayyum " to saudi arabia sharrif brothers exile .
3704- he confirmed negotiations , but has considered the presence of binazir buto in the country 's political scene supported by the united states and last week he asked washington to not interfere in internal affairs and future pakistani elections .
3705- also considering mrs. butos ' embezzlement cases are open in the islamabad court , one of her demands in the agreement with general musharraf which is also supported by the americans is the cases should be closed .
3706- he said : recently there was an agreement between the ministries of science and labor that the cap of the funds allocated for growth centers would increase therefore providing easier conditions for development and creating jobs .
3707- fars governor said : the banks the funds however it would be given to a more limited number of people but the ninth administration has tried to expand it to include more people .
3708- the assembly of experts mazanderan representative specified : while this project was stagnant several years and was it was used with the governor 's prudence .
3709- he asked executive organizations to interact with to initiate public projects avoiding any kind of inconsistency and difference .
3710- ahmadinejad added : demand for foreign investment has been so high that we are not capable of responding to all these demands and therefore we have multiplied investment in energy sectors so we can respond to demands .
3711- ahmadinejad answered him : one year visa is a sign of that one year visa and the investigations have been based on the agency 's regulations and " npt " and we do not execute anything out of formal and accepted requirements .
3712- criticizing the matter that there unfortunately is still not enough interaction between the university and different sectors of the country , ayatollah " hashemi shahroudi " said : unfortunately we have not been able to arrange a correct and right interaction between the university and executive fields .
3713- the head of the judiciary branch specifically said : humanities such as law and different branches of law have practical applications and should connect with sectors responsible for judiciary affairs to revive and make judiciary in the country and law and humanities courses more fruitful .
3714- the head of judiciary branch expressed his hope that the center for judiciary developments of the judiciary branch would get results in this respect and find a model to establish this connection so that it would be a source of in this section .
3715- referring to the matter that universities and scientific centers of iran have great power and capacity and the iranian nation is elite among the nations of the world , he said : after the islamic revolution special attention was paid to this sector , however still it needs more attention .
3716- he said : the over - the - limit salt concentration oroumieh lake national park has endangered the lives of birds in this lake such that each year a number of birds who migrate to this lake are trapped by salt crystals and are not able to fly .
3717- he described this situation very for oroumieh lake and said the continuation of life and breeding of some rare birds including the pelican and the flamingo has been endangered by connecting these islands to the mainland .
3718- he described the ratification of six new industrial townlets for khorassan e shomali in the seventeenth provincial session of the cabinet as another positive achievement of the ninth administration in the province .
3719- governor bojnourd also thinks the ninth government 's attention to this province has been more than previous administrations .
3720- a positive answer to such a question can bring about very sensitive developments in this crisis - stricken country because the opposition who did not show a harsh reaction in the previous matter ( hariri court ) , most probably will be quiet this time .
3721- meanwhile what is specified and clear is that the constitution has specified the method of electing a president which is choosing a candidate from the maronite christian by a minimum two - third vote of the representatives along with the agreement of lebanon 's heads of parties and groups .
3722- in response to a question of irna reporter who asked about the hardship of the route , he said " there is no hardship with the love of our master the waited - for imam ( aj ) we have put feet on this road and with god 's help we will reach destination . "
3723- this is not the first time that he along with his family passes this road to karbala .
3724- he has also passed this road by foot in arbain - e hosseini and has reached destination sound and healthy .
3725- um - e mohammad along with her daughter and a disabled child is walking across the " qadessieh " bridge that connects the safe region of " karadeh " to the rather unsafe region of " addowrah " in southern bagdad .
3726- she says " hoping for the healing of this little child participating in feasts the promised mahdi ( a ) as well as pilgrimage to the court of imam hussein we have set foot on this way and we are not afraid of any terrorist .
3727- he considered all hatred , mischievousness and poisonous propaganda that is currently distributed in the world against islam and qoran by agents of world addressed the specific society of followers of the school of the prophet house ( a ) .
3728- hojatoleslam samari reminded : the thing that has frightened the world is the dynamic , live faith and efforts of umat of islam their duty at this time in encountering world is a hundred times more .
3729- the head of the judiciary branch emphasized keeping the national resources of gilan province from theft and misuse and demanded that the related organizations specially the state registry organization issue documents for natural resources of the province that lack documentation as soon as possible .
3730- regarding full cooperation with the international court of war crimes in the hague tadic also said : order a fast coalition with the european union and other major international entities , the belgrade government will materialize cooperation with the hague court in the near future .
3731- in continuation he referred to world bank resources for executing plans related to water and sewage in shiraz and said : of course in international conditions , some look for excuses to stall world bank loans .
3732- quoting boucher in this meeting this internet site added : america asks for a transparent free election and the establishment of a stable republic in pakistan and in this respect washington is reviewing the political and social situation as well as the current conditions in this country .
3733- he considered all hatred , mischievousness and poisonous propaganda that currently distributed in the world against islam and qoran by agents of world the specific society of followers of the school of the prophet house ( a ) .
3734- hojatoleslam samari reminded : the thing that has frightened the world is the dynamic , live faith and the efforts of umat of islam their duty at this time in encountering world is a hundred times .
3735- according to irna report from kiodo , this issue is currently one of the differences liberal democratic ruling party headed by prime minister " shinzo abe " and the leader of the ruling party and the democratic party , the largest opposition party in this country .
3736- also in an interview with irna the executive manager of added : goal of tourist attractions and tourist areas of the country , handicrafts , rituals , traditions and music , domestic food and the ecotourism industry .
3737- the head of the judiciary branch 's emphasis keeping national resources of gilan province safe from theft and misuse demanded that the related organizations especially the state registry organization issue documents for resources of the province that lack documentation as soon as possible .
3738- the islamic guidance minister assessed irna activities in the new session as positive and said : the activities of irna in this session compared with the previous one had been better and more desirable and i hope the activity of this main media would become better every day and would be closer to the high goals .
3739- referring to initiating the first professional - industrial townlet of printing in the country , safar harandi indicated : this townlet is the gathering place for artistic and printing capacities in the country .
3740- another citizen said : successes this nation harmony with world oppression try to maximize economic problems and disregard enormous scientific successes .
3741- dr. shamsaei said that with ion producing rays such ct , pet , gamma and the rays , not controlled is dangerous for humans .
3742- referring to these machines are very expensive and can not obtain the intended results by and error added in field of nuclear radiation knowledge can have important role in assurance and use of these machines
3743- the 's sport salon of parsabad , cost three billion rials and on square meters well several and corporation plans opened .
3744- describing that the ninth administration to serve people and eliminate their problems he said this administration considers no than serving and solving problems .
3745- khartoum - by issuing a statement the united nations security council supported the idea of establishing the joint forces of the united nations and the european union east of chad and north east of the central african republic to support civilians who suffered from the darfur crisis .
3746- amman - prince " faisal ben al - hussein " the representative of " abdullah " king of jordan met with general " william fallon " and with him about the situation in the region mutual relations and ways of strengthening them .
3747- congress has not passed the budget for these plans yet .
3748- in an interview with domestic and foreign reporters in response to questions about the completion of boushehr power plants the president of the islamic republic of iran said : i think putin and the russian government will abide this issue and we are not worried in this respect .
3749- " kereshka " nuclear power plant located on the border , and joint possession of the two countries is among disputed issues .
3750- according to zagreb news media the prime minister of croatia and slovenia agreed on sunday that the international borders of the two countries remain the same as previous borders in the framework of republics of former yugoslavia .
3751- slovenia has not accepted all changes land and sea borders appearing in the time of independence and separation from the government of socialist federative republics of former yugoslavia .
3752- slovenia is the only republic of former yugoslavia that after declaring its independence in $year become a member of european union in january $year .
3753- also the executive manager of this fair in an interview with irna added : the goal this fair to promote tourist attractions and tourist areas of the country , handicrafts , rituals , traditions and music , domestic food and the ecotourism industry .
3754- kabul " alishah paktia val " head of criminal investigation of the police department of kabul province said : four civilians were injured in evening suicide bombing on kabul - jalalabad road east of the capital of afghanistan .
3755- the president specified : many of them are in touch with us .
3756- some of them say we thought that if we threaten iran iran would retreat but we found out that we were wrong .
3757- he added : of course there are one or two countries that think they are superpowers although they understood that they cannot do anything yet they want to their superpower and once in a while they print some issues to preserve their prestige .
3758- you put the prestige of your nation and country for sale for no reason and you stood against a big , civilized and cultured nation .
3759- you showed teeth and claws and clawed at the face of the iranian nation and you saw that it had no result .
3760- he indicated : by unity and faith in god and love to the promised one the iranian nation resisted and neutralized all your propaganda and never crossed the border of law , justice , politeness and respect so that it vindicated its rights .
3761- boushehr governor said : some civic issues including cleaning and beautifying don't need a big budget rather they demand tasteful and persistent management that makes the urban environment beautiful and cheerful .
3762- the new mayor of gonaveh he stated that he should give priority to renovate the streets especially the streets in the entrance of the city and shops across those streets so that the passengers and tourists who entered the city would find it cheerful and beautiful .
3763- describing that this matter would not be possible without the participation of people and authorities , afrashteh added : the related authorities should allocate the need fund to urban development and people specifically businesses and shopkeepers should also cooperate and participate so that the face of the city would change .
3764- the five - year occupation of iraq by america and england has ruined the country and american media had recently verified the occupiers had caused the lifestyle of iraqis to regress hundreds of years pre - machine age .
3765- the american president who like a number of senators even the democratic ones considers iraq the newest state of america in an unannounced manner , in regard to the continuation of the five - year occupation , now american generals confess has turned to equip the sunni insurgents of iraq .
3766- implying this matter bush that the current american attacks are against shiite groups in iraq that as he claims are supported by iran .
3767- the president added : we advise , nothing would change with these words that you utter and with these grim faces and insults to the iraqi nation .
3768- speech , praise , group - singing , reading poetry and sha'banieh payers by the professors of hozeh and university , are among the programs of these days which familiarize the pilgrims with specifications of imam of the age ( aj ) and the conditions of his appearance
3769- he the enemy 's political and psychological operations in transforming the islamic republic regime , culture of sacrifice and martyrdom , effect of the cultured as well as the bassiji clerics , cultural and ideological threats and damages and the ways to develop mobilizing the scholars the most important pivots of the function of these groups .
3770- he said : also the ways to implement the considerations and fulfill the expectations of the supreme leader of the revolution in respect to the ladies issue were discussed in the gathering in the framework of two working groups with participation of bassiji ladies .
3771- he considered all hatred , mischievousness and poisonous propaganda that is currently distributed in the world against islam and qoran by agents of world operation specific society of followers of the school of the prophet house ( a ) .
3772- hojatoleslam samari reminded : the thing that has frightened the world is the dynamic active faith and the efforts of umat of islam their duty in encountering the world oppression is a hundred times stronger at this time .
3773- bush who was speaking in a gathering by a number of selected american veterans on tuesday claimed : the exit of american forces from iraq would lead to the occupation of middle east by the radical forces that ultimately endangers the american security .
3774- this ministry said : according to the agreement signed in tehran , national iranian oil products refinery and distribution company niordc will have an unknown share in the state refinery of senegal societe african de raffinage sar .
3775- this islamic assembly also said that the muslims of andhra pradesh province and other regions of india should not be terrorized based on doubt and uncertainty , rather the investigation about this inhumane event should be conducted fairly en>
3776- night we raise hands and pray find a cure for the grief of being separated from you o mahdi come and take the hands of your admirers and reveal your voice so that the admirers would burn with incantation and the waiting would come to an end
3777- ahmadinejad added : it is possible the coach would take some individuals out of the field and brings in new ones .
3778- none of these mean that the previous individuals were bad or they did not try hard enough .
3779- the president said : we are not limited anywhere .
3780- before the elections i said to the nation the interests of the nation are the main principle .
3781- we are friends and interested in each other .
3782- two people make a criticism , some people say irrelevant and accuse the government of weakness that it made mistakes from the start .
3783- he said : man started life from jungles and caves but people evolved everyday therefore the life of today 's people has moved towards globalization and as interpret now the " global village " .
3784- in continuation of his speech the chairman of the government expediency council described mashhad an educational cultural center and said : millions of pilgrims and admirers come to this city for pilgrimage of the royal court of hazrat - e reza ( a ) and carry with them the grace and memory from this holy place .
3785- the goal of the operations of islamic jihad was to exchange the zionist officer with palestinian captives , but the security apparatus of the autonomous organization prolonged the captivity of palestinians in the prisons of the enemy by neutralizing this operation .
3786- in the statement which was provided to the office of irna in damascus al - raghb added : " the security agents of the autonomous organization entered into action in such a way as if they are rescuing one of their friends , not an enemy soldier who oppresses the palestinian nation .
3787- the special lane travels as three vehicle group middle lanes and according to brt the routes of the busses pick up and drop off the passengers from the left side .
3788- all brt stations have a roof and are equipped with a camera connected to control room of the starting point and destination and appropriate facilities such as informative systems route - finding maps and phone are provided for the passengers of these stations .
3789- in these busses , after entering the bus stations passengers stop before the automatic doors by providing ticket or ticket credit card like a subway and they get on and off with the entry of busses in a determined interval .
3790- " hassan bijani " said to the irna reporter : the execution of this plan first carried out by two groups of three vehicles with determined intervals travels as a group enghelab square tehranpars crossroad and currently is continuing as well .
3791- general manager of tehran and suburb bus company referring to the changes done in some lanes said : many of the lanes in the route of depot in east of have been eliminated or changed by taking some operational measures .
3792- they continue their enmity towards moslem nations and shiites and strengthen the background for the west 's aggressive dominance .
3793- describing this issue in a gathering the clerics scholars and professors of the scientific domain in tehran dr. haddad adel the islamic consultative assembly chairman added : the importance of this bill is more than the country 's whole budget bill .
3794- according to irna , dr. parviz davoudi surveyed the process of building the dam and the power plant on his trip .
3795- according to a report by cultural exhibition institute of iran 's public relations , an exhibition of iranian artwork related to molana was also held beside the seminar .
3796- the deputy minister of foreign affairs strongly rejected allegations against iran regarding bombardment of northern iraq and said : tehran has officially answered these allegations .
3797- the deputy minister of foreign affairs of our country said : iran has not yet made a decision to conduct the next round of negotiations with america about iraq issues .
3798- dr. abbus araghchi , the deputy minister of foreign affairs of our country in talks with mehr about the continuation of the negotiations between iran and america also stated : there has been no decision made for conducting the next round of these negotiations .
3799- even though iranians and ottomans are equal in religious fundamentalism iranians are less stubborn but at the same time are fundamentalism they do not eat with a person of foreign religion at the same place .
3800- they do not eat from a vessel which a christian or a jew or a magi or hindu has eaten from .
3801- but they would let enter their mosques .
3802- if someone complains about religion , they listen to him and do not get upset .
3803- the british decided do some investigation on genetic potato .
3804- they verified findings lead to the global sanction of this potato in $year , but very few people who have heard of thing in america .
3805- in one year , america used half a billion kilograms of pesticides .
3806- this woman says that for thousands of years , agriculture has not needed pesticides .
3807- the side effects of overusing pesticides are very worrisome .
3808- she continues that the direct effect of pesticide use in soil kills various kinds of insects , what we do not know is other effects on the soil .
3809- this is not so simple but ask yourself if i have no more energy how can i take care of others ? remember that you are supposed to do something for yourself , so re - write the list .
3810- this list includes issues that you should say ( yes ) facing .
3811- when you completed the list , make some copies of it and place them where continuously during the day .
3812- on the bathroom mirror , the dashboard , the monitor
3813- this list is small and short , so it doesn't take much space and you can put it everywhere .
3814- when we talk about finding ourselves we don't mean that we see what we have added to our life , rather we should see what we have omitted from our life and have put aside .
3815- when you prepared your ( yes ) list main priorities , it will be easier to identify aspects and issues that you should omit from life .
3816- if it is still difficult for you to imagine to say ( no ) , remember that with every ( yes ) to somebody or something other than your priorities , you have said ( no ) to yourself and whatever is important for you .
3817- after receiving the medicine , patient is entitled to ask about information he needs about his medicinal treatment and the pharmacist should answer them and at the end write the dose and the manner to take the medicine .
3818- dr. shekoufeh nikfar in charge of the office for the council for investigation and listing iran 's formulary says : this council has existed before the revolution and it was active and it determines the entrance of the needed medications into the country 's medicine market .
3819- after the revolution and appearance of international problems and formation of various sanctions against our country opinions have appeared on what the country should under these conditions .
3820- to this purpose , by presence of those who were distinguished in regards to medicines as well as a number of physicians , a council called the council for investigation and listing iran 's formulary been formed this council categorized the medicine needed by the country based on the generic name of the medicine and the country 's need .
3821- naturally those medicines that are costly were rarely needed were omitted from the formulary and all medicines that had one generic name and several commercial names written in a single way .
3822- for this reason an expert center was formed to comment about the requested medicines .
3823- this expert group acted under the secretarial of the council transmitting the expert opinion to the council .
3824- when the medicine was approved by the council , the medicine administration was supposed to accept the medicine manufacturing case and enter it into the legal commission .
3825- the drug administration was supposed to do its job based on this list and the ministry of hygiene responsibility for providing medicines , pricing and distribution .
3826- she states : with the growth of the council , it was felt that the council should have an independent place .
3827- this was done and based on the regulations the framework of the executive activities of the council was regulated and at the same time was approved by the then ministry of hygiene and treatment .
3828- what activities the council should do were determined based on law .
3829- who should be the members of the council , when its meeting should be held , the manner of voting , and
3830- .
3831- the files for the requested medicines are first sent to these committees and then are referred to the council .
3832- the committee secretary is responsible for defending medicines that have been offered to the council by the professional committee .
3833- according to her , problems in respect to demand for the medicines is that the medicines are based on the pattern of diseases in foreign countries and this causes some demands to not have an application in our country .
3834- some time ago in a press conference dr. rasoul dinarvand the ministry of hygiene deputy for foods and drugs said that less than one percent of the country 's medicine market is available to medicines that entered through illegal ways and without permits .
3835- qatar 's oil minister is among those who expressly opposed an increase in opec production because he believes the organization for petroleum exporting countries can not do anything about high oil prices .
3836- al - atieh states : since there is no shortage of crude oil in the market , opec can not do anything about high oil prices .
3837- it is exactly for this reason that he opposes an increase in oil production and says : we can not do anything because these prices have no relation to shortages in oil production .
3838- however the consumers don't think like that , they believe that due to insufficiency in refining capacity as well as a limit in opec production the market is facing some crisis .
3839- in this two - day session in addition to choosing chairman and deputies in morning and afternoon the two days the conference was held the representatives of various provinces expressed their views on the most important issues of the day
3840- one of the admirable characteristics of mohadess - e armavi is paying attention to issues and being studious in the process of correction of books and treatises .
3841- doing this he tried to access first - hand and reliable resources
3842- he tried to find the authors whose writers were unknown for years and centuries .
3843- such as tarikh - e sistan , majmal al - tavarikh val ghesas , tarikh - e shahi and many other books whose authors are still unknown .
3844- jalal - oddin mohadess - e armavi would try to find the name of the author of the book by deliberation and attention as well as comparison books of the same age .
3845- this meticulous attention and careful study in correction and annotation is revealed in most of his work .
3846- it is said he was so uncompromising in writing and research that sometimes his associates were tired .
3847- sometimes he would spend months to solve a problem find the meaning of a word or interpret a sentence trying not to record or interpret a single word in the wrong way .
3848- despite all this humility and modesty
3849- especially before the person or persons who had cooperated with him in any way or he had learned a letter , a point or a word from .
3850- this writer said after catching the usual illness the danger and the serious disease that you are informed of currently the physicians have temporarily prevented these kinds of scientific works which require particular attention as well as a lot of time .
3851- if you let me i will choose a book somewhat less labor in this respect .
3852- then i offered some books and he approved the book meaning nassaem ol - as'har considering its publication appropriate .
3853- so according to his order this writer tried to do this service and finished it .
3854- this book about ministers from the ministers of the caliphs to some ministers of iran such as khajeh rashid - oddin fazlollah - e hamedani , sa'ad - ol - dowleh the jew , jalal oddin semnani , taj oddin alishah - e guilani , dozens of other iranian ministers .
3855- the style of the book is somewhat complex and equal to the prose of the eighth century a . h .
3856- he that those who oppose the government were always willing to participate in running the county but the ruling forces go their own way and they want a president based on their own demands however they have failed in this .
3857- sheik naim qassem added : if the opposition and the ruling group unite they will be more powerful and more useful than the ruling group with america because whoever is with america will be the captive of interests of that country as well as israel .
3858- nabih beri 's plan includes an agreement on holding elections at due time based on a quorum of two - thirds of the votes of the representatives and then initiating the negotiations between various parties .
3859- in this respect allameh mohammed hussein fazlollah source of imitation of lebanon shiites said that there is no indication of success any arabic , regional or international plan to solve the lebanese crisis .
3860- referring to and international interference in intensifying the lebanese crisis he said : this country is still a scene for regional and international strife .
3861- for political and media figures and this sum should be increased and covers all who have mobile telephones .
3862- according to a report by islamic republic news agency , some palestinian groups of the gaza strip declared they will go on strike today to protest the manner of confrontation of executive forces related to hamas movement against leaders and members of the fatah movement .
3863- based on this report , the palestinian groups held an emergency meeting investigating the recent incidents in the gaza strip .
3864- this meeting was held upon the invitation by the popular front for the liberation of palestine .
3865- the islamic jihad movement opposed the position of the palestinian groups that called for going on strike .
3866- after the bloody incidents last friday in gaza , the administration of ismail haniyeh declared performing the friday prayer in public squares illegal , but friday some leaders and advocates of fatah tried to perform the friday prayer in public squares .
3867- explaining why some fatah leaders detained in gaza sami abuzohari one of the leaders of hamas that they try to destabilize gaza .
3868- to this purpose considering a critical point of political history of the islamic revolution ( the justice - based ninth administration ) this text investigates realism and idealism in this era.
3869- in the understanding of realist politicians on politics , national power and national interests are considered two important and vital principles .
3870- according to this mindset a wise player is the one that continuously attempts to access and elevate his materialistic and spiritual interests .
3871- meaning that to protect territorial integrity , resources and income - producing sources as well as to defend values and common beliefs are among the strategic goals of every political unit .
3872- here power and interests go hand - in - hand and for realist politicians , practicing political behaviors is affected by their realistic understanding of the international community .
3873- according to realists reaching security and stability in the field of foreign policy would not be possible unless a professional military force as well as efficient and equipped resource equipment play a role as the supporter of foreign policy and diplomatic organization .
3874- and even some of the followers of this theory believe power can play a more effective role than economic ability .
3875- hans j. morgenta a staunch supporter of realism believes that in the behaviors of governments common ethics and abstract concepts is fruitless and basically ethics don'ts have no place in the relationship between governments .
3876- according to this opinion until the government is unable to establish security efforts on political development expanding civic and political freedoms would reach nowhere .
3877- naturally governments cannot rely on any government or international organization for their survival .
3878- also according to them public opinion is not important us , it is important that in any case they should fear us .
3879- idealists accuse the school of realism of regressiveness , pessimism towards human nature and , egotism and selfishness .
3880- idealists politics " the art of a good government while the realists consider politics " the art of the possible .
3881- for idealists justice , ethics , abiding the established rights and human rights are desirable in any condition and they consider politics and power deviation from high humane and ethical principles .
3882- idealists consider the application of force as illegitimate and indecent and regard use of force and war the weapon of virtueless rulers .
3883- therefore it is necessary it considers the security of other countries its own security , and aggression to the security sanctuary of other countries for losing its own security .
3884- in the current conditions , in opposition to the imaginary society of idealists a picture of which was given above , no country would accept compromise and deal on its national interests and would not tie its political and national destiny to risky destinies of other governments .
3885- by investigating views and thoughts of schools of realism and idealism it would be clear that both views have gone to extremes .
3886- a politician without ethics , ideals and a world view is as unsuccessful as a utopian idealist who shows indifference towards current realities of the world .
3887- the critical point in investigating the quality of the foreign policy and understanding orientation , is paying attention to the type of domestic policy designed by government .
3888- because domestic and foreign policy very close and have goals , thinkers of international relations consider foreign policy the continuation of domestic policy outside .
3889- therefore having access to policies adopted by a government inside is a sure way to demonstrate and identify the idealism or realism of that political unit in the international environment .
3890- by investigating and evaluating the ninth administration in the political scene it can be claimed with assurance that the administration of dr. ahmadinejad has realism and idealism in its agenda .
3891- what we call realistic idealism .
3892- they may also accept that government is truly undesirable , but insist that government is a necessary evil the same way an extensive surgery operation is a necessary evil for improving a patient .
3893- this presentation of familiar reasoning could be found in an excellent fashion in the ideas of thomas hobbs .
3894- his idea is that government , which is defined as the exclusive power of legitimate compulsion , is necessary so to avoid a war of all against all , implement justice and protect the innocent and vulnerable .
3895- when this situation arises , the productive exclusivity of the government over the forces of violence worsens the circumstances .
3896- then the question the anarchists is whether the creation and maintenance of a social foundation with the possibility of such destructive diversion is .
3897- the internet has two evident characteristics : internationalism ( internationalism ) and populism ( populism ) .
3898- the internationalism of the internet is not simply limited to fact that the internet makes it possible people of various nations to communicate , since other human apparatus and activities do this .
3899- the point here is that browsing the internet is completely indifferent toward national borders people who are strangers in network are linked mutual interest to their nationality .
3900- from this point of view the internet is positioned in a severe opposition to what call civil society , meaning a society the joining of people alien or bringing unity to them is within a political arena .
3901- it is for this reason that an anarchist may welcome the internet .
3902- the second characteristic of the internet is its populism .
3903- in this regard we must bear in mind that this populism is not at a superficial level but rather at a profound level .
3904- in the present circumstances there is no specific eligibility for browsing topics on the network and more importantly participating in it and there is no actual censorship to hinder the participation of people in the absence of these credentials .
3905- only censorship governments such as the government of singapore or corporations which make possible the accessing of network has been proposed for preventing access to indecent sites they have a completely different intention .
3906- " why should he fear when has he depreciated by death and fears not .
3907- seyyed mohammad khamenei added will of trust is one of the manifestations of the attention of islam to reflection and scheduling for each person in one 's personal and social affairs for after death and the arranging of training for children and the managing of the affairs of the survivors .
3908- not everyone has allergies .
3909- some people propensity to being afflicted with this complication ( one or both parents have allergies and some develop it in response to circumstances .
3910- theory known as the hygiene theory states that allergy is the price we pay in lieu of maintaining ourselves and our children against pathogenic germs by using cleaning materials and antibiotics
3911- the point is that not being in contact with contamination , dust and some infections of the early years of childhood later makes the immune system much more sensitive to these factors .
3912- as an example , research conducted in europe has realized the fact that children who are in constant contact with animals and stables less afflicted with hay fever than those children who do not live in villages and farms .
3913- the museum of nature and wildlife of and tehran zoo were the hosts of the first festival of protecting the iranian panther .
3914- government and non - government organizations had educational programs such as showing films , the distribution of brochures and posters , giving talks to the public about the panther , training games , conducting a painting competition , and monologues on the topic of the panther at the end the statement of this day was recited .
3915- you must ask yourself this question , maybe for the same reason they rejected walk the line later this film .
3916- of course there were similarities between these two films and both of them took place in the old atmosphere of los angeles and new york .
3917- the studios were afraid of johnny cash and the story of his life this time they were not interested in a western story and believed that the presence of popular movie stars as western heroes will not be attractive .
3918- of course their problem is not simply limited to my films . almost every movie that was released in the fall of the previous years and had a historic plot , had the same problems these days studios do not respond to real filmmaking .
3919- they were not necessarily scared of this film they rather sought to distance themselves from the western genre .
3920- in their view films whites against blacks or moralist westerns no longer have advocates and the simplicity of the western films is not .
3921- i broached this topic in my discussion with them .
3922- in " searchers we are faced with a group of suffering and victimized people apparent hero .
3923- after getting a fuel card , amir insisted on taking us home .
3924- when we got in his car , after traveling a short distance , he boarded one of his friends into vehicle .
3925- upon the boarding of this man , amir and his friend suddenly started to threaten and took me and my son to a villa at shahin villa and it was at that point when i found out the dark scheme of this young man .
3926- the speaker of the city council of tehran added " some departments and occupations have to enter the traffic limits in order to provide their services to citizens , but they are facing problems because of the noticeable increase of the price .
3927- he added " for instance the university professors , official specialists the lawyers of the justice , some departments and institutes have had the most objections toward the price of the pass for traffic limits , because this group of people have to enter the traffic limits due to the nature of their jobs .
3928- for this reason raising the price of the pass four to five times does not seem reasonable .
3929- but the representatives of the tehran city council believe it is right the council to approve the rates , one of the major responsibilities of the council is supervision over the collective activities of the municipality .
3930- according to the transcribed text of the tape which several american media have accessed , the speaker does not directly threaten the united states and does not directly desire to attack the country .
3931- instead it says to the american people they have been defeated in their efforts in convincing the bush administration to stop the war in iraq .
3932- according to the transcription of the tape which the network has accessed , he says " this was one of your gravest mistakes to neither hold those who started this war accountable nor their punishment .
3933- bin laden adds " you allowed bush to complete first term ( presidency ) what is more surprising is that you elected him for the second time he got the permission from you to continue the killing of our people in iraq and afghanistan .
3934- do you consider your self intolerant of heat or ? whatever your answer may be , it does not make much difference because scientifically speaking the human body is intolerant of heat .
3935- this sensitivity to heat illustrates the great and critical significance of an internal cooling system for the human body a system which discharges both the heat resulted from internal metabolism and the heat absorbed form the environment .
3936- it might seem exaggerated but alongside the positive things such as blood , sweat this not a very likeable liquid which everyone seeks to get rid of be considered of the vital fluids of the human body .
3937- in a normal temperature without bodily activity we do not perspire the reason is that the additional heat from the metabolism of food material is discharged through capillaries the surface of the skin .
3938- the evaporation of water from skin cells too helps the cooling of the body .
3939- but when the body exits a calm condition and we start an activity , the heat produced in the muscles is more than that which could be absorbed by the air .
3940- in such circumstances the brain siren .
3941- i don't believe what is said on tv until i see and i saw in iran were very beautiful things and iran was unimaginable for me especially in culture and civilization and the paintings of master farshchian .
3942- on tuesday the jordanian and israeli forces shot each other over the jordan river for seven hours using rifle and canon .
3943- the factors of success in marriage in addition to being important in choice , are significant in preservation and continuation of life .
3944- therefore a person who chooses a compatible spouse should be aware that he has found the best blessing of life .
3945- he should have in mind that maintaining and preserving blessing is more important and more difficult than gaining it .
3946- those who in respect to family problems and the differences between themselves and their spouses are impatient showing reaction after the smallest disputed issue , advance the marital life toward disharmony and unhappiness .
3947- if a wife and husband hide from each other or resort to lies , the trust and assurance them will be taken away and the martial life will be faced with problems .
3948- if there is hypocrisy and insincerity between wife and husband , life will lose its pleasantness and sincerity .
3949- hypocrisy and pretending to be kind and honest without truthfulness , will loosen the basis of marital life .
3950- therefore wife and husband should be forgiving to each other and not create a situation in which by stubbornness , makes life bitter to themselves .
3951- the wife and husband who in times of dispute show forgiveness and tolerate each other 's mistakes will move towards happiness and a happy and sweet martial life .
3952- if the relationship between spouses is sincere , none of the parties expect to receive something in exchange for selflessness , and this issue is a sign of much love and sincerity between them .
3953- only unsuccessful couples think about repayment of their own goodness .
3954- they tell whatever they have in heart and be a companion and sympathetic towards each other .
3955- sincerity is a mirror that whatever is in mind and conduct is reflected in it .
3956- the population distribution among the higher individuals of the colleges ' entrance exam was desirable too and the highest of the colleges ' entrance exam were from various provinces .
3957- referring to the directive of students ' transfer and relocation he added : taking into account the policy of selecting natives there is not much need to transfer and relocate after acceptance .
3958- of course ministry of sciences directive .
3959- we hope this process in the next year and it will be done in a mechanized manner .
3960- explaining that in the first phase prerequisites of master 's degree will be initiated he specified : in the next phase we will accept students the doctorate stage of these courses as well .
3961- why the schedule of tv programs which was printed in your newspaper at a certain time , is not printed anymore this issue is practical for the readers and they can have information beforehand watch their intended program .
3962- ayatollah seyyed ahmad khatami the presiding member of the assembly of experts of the leadership also said : in the meeting of yesterday afternoon the second formal session of the fourth round of the assembly of experts in regard to an increase in the age of the voters of mid elections this assembly was offered .
3963- all the institutions of the regime especially the media and specifically radio and television are expected to try in regards of empowering these values .
3964- taking into account the multiplicity of the member countries of the non - aligned movement and the level of its holding and the importance and the attractiveness of the issue the holding of this session can be of great importance .
3965- despite dismantling of the two - polar order and a change of course in international pole - setting from the former blocks of east and west to the current north and south as one of the aspects of modern international developments it seems a range of the member are still after the thought based on a third current .
3966- according to isna report , majid entezami stated it 's a pity a city titled half of the world does not even have a regular orchestra .
3967- however when the master entered and became aware of the students ' objection to him , addressed them saying : leave mr. behjat alone i'll tell now .
3968- everybody became silent .
3969- then he continued : last night when i was studying the assertions the subject the late akhound , i learned that he was right .
3970- after these words , they appreciated his and genius .
3971- one of the najaf scholars said : during the teaching of did not give to the late ayatollah company and always would criticize the discussions .
3972- and as he would awaken and the issues and questions while asleep would be discussed he was not aware at all and would say i do not remember anything and do not recall about what you are saying .
3973- the great ayatollah behjat also enjoyed the presence of the great ayatollah haj seyyed abolhassan esfahani and haj mohammad kazem shirazi ( the author of an introductory on makasseb ) a great deal .
3974- of his visions true dreams and moods comprehensive issues were discussed at the same period .
3975- one of the scholars of najaf said : young he was a religious and indisputable scholar and the very learned could rely and trust upon , in such a way that during journey to karbala the lofty , the scholars unanimously imitated him .
3976- not only he has thought like that and is running away from the world and its symbols , but in action and livelihood has pursued the same path as well .
3977- we have heard about the prophet ( ) when he sat in the mosque and the disciples gathered around him , he resembled so much with a newcomer was not able to find out who was the prophet .
3978- one of the scholars of tehran the late ayatollah hamedani said : one day i went to ayatollah behjat 's house .
3979- a very simple old man opened the door to me .
3980- i said : i have to do something with ayatollah behjat .
3981- he stated : go ahead .
3982- i said : i have business with him .
3983- and i did not think at all he is his eminence ayatollah behjat .
3984- i thought that they were not ready to take me to his therefore i turned back without saying my point .
3985- later when i participated in his public prayers , i saw the person who had opened the door to me had been ayatollah behjat himself who had not credited himself even in terms of physical appearance and this reminded me of the prophet 's act .
3986- he called women the focus and the manifestation of affection and said : if women did not exist , humankind would not see smiles and kindness and the ladies ' capability in this regard is priceless .
3987- explaining that the endurance patience , liberality , resistance and perseverance that exist in women is not in men , dr. ahmadinejad added : if god had left the instruction of the generation with gentlemen , today the generation of human beings would not continue at all .
3988- addressing the principals of the women 's religious schools of the country the president indicated : the work you are doing today is the continuation of the path and the movement of the prophets .
3989- the ceremonies of the fortieth day of passing of his highness ayatollah meshkini the late head of the assembly of experts with the presence of hojatoleslam val moslemin mohammadi golpayegani the supreme leader 's representative , a number of scholars and knowledgeables as well as the civilian and military authorities was held in qom 's aazam mosque .
3990- hosseini said : therefore ( publication of such caricatures ) is considered as a kind of law breaching and disrespect to laws and sacrilege of cultural sanctities which will not be acceptable by any free and just person .
3991- he while stating today in the global arena , confrontations have moved from military form towards cultural , media - based and psychological operations , added : in these conditions lack of forces in the information dissemination area is a strategic weakness .
3992- member of fundamentalist fraction of the parliament said : even though some talks have been made with him regarding presence in the elections but he has not yet made a decision in this regard however mohsen rezaee 's argument is about the influential figures should enter this area .
3993- definitely the dear people who are in united front could not neglect the influence and credibility of figures like mohsan rezaee , qalibaf and larijani and it is not correct that these figures have no representative in united front .
3994- omidvar rezaee said : such figures agree with and accept the decisions of the mutually - agreed - upon five - member group but we can not tell these figures accept whatever we say without examination and blindly .
3995- upon approaching the end of sha'ban month , the muslims mainly in the southern regions of the country , before the sunset stand over the highest point to observe the crescent moon and seek answers for questions about the appearance of the ramadan month from their scholars .
3996- the special events for the month ramadan and the religious programs specific to the followers of sunnism and shi'ism separately in sync with daybreak are broadcasted from tv networks and the newspapers also allocate some pages to this month .
3997- the iranians residing in thailand also at ghadr nights by attending the iranian ambassador 's place of residence after reciting quran and jowshan prayers , conduct vigil ceremonies and on the day of eid - fetr they say the eide fetr prayers in this same place .
3998- some followers of sunnism also cherish the twenty - seventh night of the month ramadan as night of ghadr and according to a tradition the whole noble quran at this night .
3999- other traditions of ramadan in thailand include complete quran recitation , giving alms to the needy and feeding fasting people and the poor and during these days the guests are entertained with traditional thai cookies .
4000- in this month , non - muslims in particular the buddhists who form the majority of the thailand population with a mutual understanding , focus their attention to respect the muslims and show reverence towards this precious month .
4001- thailand is among the non - islamic countries whose muslim minority without any problem can perform their religious rites and rituals and hold their special ceremony in the month ramadan .
4002- the eleventh meeting of ukraine and european union in " kiev " after reviewing different subjects of cooperation including political economical and signing letter of agreement to facilitate issuing travel visa , ended its activities by issuing a statement .
4003- the governor of jammu and kashmir on thursday has expressed hope toward pakistan 's sooner exit from current situation and reestablishment of democracy in this country and said that establishing stability in pakistan is in favor of regional peace .
4004- according to irna 's from seringer , retired brigadier
4005- sinha " in a question and answer meeting with military affiliates of the embassies of several foreign countries in delhi , said : " pakistan is currently passing through a very unstable political stage and this issue is the cause of worries for this country 's neighbours .
4006- pakistan 's exit from this crisis and reestablishment of democracy in this country is in favor of india .
4007- this issue has consequences for india .
4008- the islamic culture and guidance minister said : victory of iran islamic revolution and the movement toward dominating divine and religious culture in country placed quran in the context of life and functions of society administration .
4009- he added : in this regard after publication of the caricature , recalled head of the sweden embassy in tehran and the rigorous protest of our country to this issue was declared .
4010- following the action by foreign ministry , other islamic countries also action regarding the condemnation of this insulting approach and the trend of reactions was propounded pervasively .
4011- hoseini said that the foreign ministry in this period through consultation with attending ministers in human rights and cultural variety meeting asked for the insertion of condemnation of insult to religions in the concluding statement .
4012- hosseini regarding that repetition of western media 's insult to islamic sanctities is done for what purpose , said : such measures are taken for the purpose of propagating hatred and spreading racism and are condemned and despicable .
4013- these approaches have targeted religious beliefs and have strengthened the grounds for cultural opposition and conflict .
4014- hosseini said : therefore ( publication of such caricatures ) is considered as a kind of law breaking and disrespect to laws and desecration toward cultural which will not be acceptable by any free and just person .
4015- according to the saturday report by japan 's national tv ( n
4016- k ) , this is the first time since $year a . d . when the official census of the centenarians began the number of centenarians of this country has increased to this rate .
4017- according to irna quoting " n
4018- he considered serving the deprived stratum of the society an undeniable necessity and the factor for strengthening the islamic regime , and said : the supporter of the regime in times of peace and war is the deprived stratum of society and the smallest negligence in the way of serving this stratum would not be repairable .
4019- the plan for constructing highway and quadr banding the sarein three - line road to the tourist city of sarein in ardabil province tuesday during a ceremony in presence of mohammd rahmat minister of road and transportation and a group of local officials of the province were put into utilization .
4020- in this ceremony ayatollah ostadi of the instructors of qom 's howze - ye elmieh spoke about the ethical virtues and the valuable place of this high - ranking scholar in promoting the islamic culture and protecting the values of the islamic revolution .
4021- also the ceremony of honoring the fortieth day of passing of ayatollah meshkini the late head of the assembly of experts of leadership was held in his birthplace .
4022- in this ceremony held with the presence of various groups of people and the local authorities of meshkin shahr in amir - al - momenin ( ) mosque of this city explaining the position of the religious scholars in the society , the speaker of the ceremony counted ayatollah meshkini 's scholastic and ethical characteristics .
4023- in tehran 's team mehdi agha rezai and majid nezafati ranked second and hamedan 's teams ghaem mirabian and fayaz mirabian and in khorasan razavi iman dehghan and milad sadat jointly obtained the third rank .
4024- he introduced the ancient and sports one of the oldest sports of the nations of the world as well as iran and said " these sports have always been holy and respected by people .
4025- according to seyyed babai the country of iraq a great potential for the presence of iranian merchants and industrialists in the fields of construction , communication , oil and gas , petrochemical , water and power and .
4026- has the conducting of various conferences could provide the context for the presence of the iranian activists in this country .
4027- he considered conducting the international conference of reconstructing of iraq a framework for announcing the requirements of the country of iraq and reminded " in the course of conducting this conference we hope to witness the execution of various contracts for the purpose of expansion of the economic cooperation the two countries .
4028- moreover the conference of the economic abilities of iran and iraq was conducted the day before yesterday in esfahan with the presence of the members of the chamber of commerce , industries and mines of the province of esfahan and the officials of the chambers of commerce and the merchants of a few iraqi cities .
4029- in this conference mahmoud eslamian the chairman of the chamber of commerce , industries and mines of the province of esfahan by pointing to the economic and industrial abilities of this province expressed optimism " this conference is a good beginning for the expansion of the cooperation of esfahan and iraqi cities .
4030- mohammad ali masoudi by pointing out the abundant demands for investing in iraq through various countries emphasized " the abundant commonalities between us and the iranian brothers create this right to grant the first priority to them .
4031- he moreover making a request from the officials of the islamic republic for the creation of administrative facilities for the entrance of iranian merchants to iraq said " i announce on behalf of the iraqi officials that we are ready to provide facilities to the iranian merchants and industrial workers .
4032- the chairman of the chamber of commerce of karbala moreover requested the presenting of iran 's industrial abilities at the iranian merchandise exhibition in iraq and said " these exhibitions should not be limited to the presentation of small and consuming goods .
4033- of course technical and professional schools are exceptions due to their limited number .
4034- another worry of the future scientists is the batteries of the spatial hubble telescopes .
4035- according to the scientists of the hubble project and based on the conducted predictions the batteries of this telescope will stop functioning in the year $year of christian calendar .
4036- in the probable mission of dispatching an astronaut to hubble nasa intends to exchange these batteries as well .
4037- according to mehr 's report , this submarine robot after sinking in water and traveling to the depths of the sea transmitted to the ground level and its controlling center stunning pictures of the life of oceanic creatures and the means of finding food resources .
4038- in this project the scientists threw the mentioned robot in one of the districts near the beach at the vicinity of portland america and guided it in the depths of water through advanced controlling systems .
4039- the scientists who observed the transmitted pictures of this robot live were able to analyze the means of the nourishing of the creatures such as crab and other oceanic creatures from extremely small creatures such as phytoplanktons .
4040- the coach of the national volleyball team of iran said : wait two years to see the real team of iran payman akbarai after iran 's defeat against china said " these games do not have a good condition in order to be conducted .
4041- i have thus far participated in five rounds of competitions of the asian nations cup but none of the competitions intense .
4042- up to now it was unprecedented that we play seven games consecutively .
4043- akbari continued " besides the preliminary round we played four games consecutively .
4044- we are a young team and our team average is four to five years younger than powerful teams and this has made difficult us in this round .
4045- nonetheless this is a new experience for our team and i am certain that in the future you will not see such results from iran .
4046- brigadier general pilot karim ghavami by a decree from the commander of armed forces headquarters was appointed as the successor of the deputy of the training support and industrial research of the armed forces headquarters as a field marshal .
4047- this appointment was made through the suggestion of the major general hassan firoozabadi and ratification of the honorable leadership .
4048- prior to this ghavami was the advisor of the commander of armed forces headquarters and the commander of the air force of the army of the islamic republic of iran .
4049- the injection of chemical substances into hemorrhoid tissue causes inflammation and destruction and the creation of scar tissue on that area .
4050- too is one of the treatment methods for first and second degree hemorrhoids .
4051- in cases where blood has become clotted in veins and created severe pain in hemorrhoids , the pertinent clot must be removed in the course of forty hours .
4052- in a message of condolence which was issued pursuant to the death of hojjat al - islam val - moslemin the chairman of the judges disciplinary supreme court he wrote " he was one of the outstanding exemplars in the field of advancing the supreme judicial disciplinary goals .
4053- humans whose life report card comes to a close in two words freedom and honesty their lives and are both blessings .
4054- when taleghani was alive , he taught his associates mystical aching , bravery in fighting against tyranny and tyrant , service to the servants of god for divine satisfaction .
4055- taleghani was quran centric in life and considered the divine book the path to salvation .
4056- wherever he talked he did not talk of himself he either talked about quran or nahjolbalagheh the first being the divine book and the second the interpretation of the divine word .
4057- in quran and from quran , he sought self - making and the making of a society of muslims , a cultivated and free society .
4058- among the important books translated by the deceased taleghani and published with corrections is the book tanbih al - ameh va tanzih al - melleh by deceased allameh nayini .
4059- tanbih al - ameh means the awakening of the muslim nation and tanzih al - melleh means purifying and purity of sharia and religion , this important book which has been recognized as the outstanding writings since the inception of the constitutionalist movement .
4060- was for many years remote and forgotten .
4061- taleghani revived this book once again .
4062- in this book according to the opinion of many for the first time serious clashes between religious islamic thinking and the political ideologies of the west and alameh nayini as one of the most credible shiite scholars and clergies , expresses his opinions .
4063- talighani has an introduction to this book whose reading is still instructive and beneficial for today 's generation of society .
4064- in this introduction he wants and seeks science for the rescuing of people from poverty and ignorance .
4065- appropriate courses of action for prevention and reduction of the context of the occurrence of incidents and accidents i hope you inform the dear people and myself by continuous follow ups and within a period of maximum five months .
4066- meanwhile the deputy of banking and insurance affairs and the government corporations of the ministry of economy and financial affairs held the president 's order for reforming and transforming the insurance industry and the drafting of the role of insurance in the national economy to be the two main axes of the conference of insurance and national economy .
4067- according to niknahad the supervisor of the hygiene and treatment network of ramsar the land for the house of hygiene of chalkaroud of ramsar was transferred prior to this through a philanthropic person named seyyed ahmad safavi in order to help the patients of this village .
4068- i said to nahid khan my political consultant the government intends to prevent this demonstration by firing tear gas .
4069- i was extremely worried about my child .
4070- nahid khan left there to obtain a special tear gas mask .
4071- one of my acquaintances promised to obtain a special tear gas mast exactly like the mask that the disciplinary forces carried with them in the first opportunity but they later informed me that he was not successful in this task meaning the preparation of a special tear gas mask .
4072- therefore we decided to have a wet towel with us .
4073- a large crowd of people had gathered midnight at the place of my reign .
4074- as the weather brightened i realized that my house had been surrounded by barbed wire .
4075- as the leaders of opposition parties had entered the place of my residence , we unanimously decided to leave the house .
4076- the police forces which had already predicted this , moved toward us with electrical batons .
4077- a number of the leaders of various parties who sought to protect me , were injured upon clashing with barbed wires .
4078- a smaller group of us decided to while passing through barbed wire and finding a suitable car move toward the major avenues of the city .
4079- in view of the fact that the police was after us or i better say me , therefore we decided our heads down so to not be identified .
4080- one of the cars we had in mind clashed with barbed wire and became stuck in a way that it was no longer able to move .
4081- there were other cars in that region as well we chose one .
4082- the aforementioned automobile belonged to one of the thousands of people of our party .
4083- he gave his jeep automobile to us .
4084- he added " in this midst if farmers observe the same ruling order and discipline over market and purchase and sell on the basis of price , we will have a quiet year in the market of saffron .
4085- shemabadi added " with the efforts taken place in the course of the past two years it is predicted our saffron planter farmer has become distant from the deplorable conditions of the past and the severe price calamities of this product and will gradually come to a more stable position .
4086- almost three fourths of people who work a lot with a computer are suffering from these signs .
4087- according to merh report , the researchers of the university of alberta in canada have discovered the regulating and balancing in ph of the retina has a determining role in natural vision .
4088- i love iran , therefore an iranian feeling is discerned in my works .
4089- in july $year he had undergone surgery in new york for cancer treatment and had not participated in any concert since that time .
4090- according to isna report , alireza kamarei the persian literature and historic studies researcher in the festival of the theater of holy defense while discussing the above topic , said " the nature of art is not compatible with .
4091- rather the artist must himself feel need in order to address this issue .
4092- the finals of the european champion clubs cup will be held khordad of next year in the city of moscow .
4093- the reals won the european championship clubs cup last time in $year and achieving the tenth continental championship cup is extremely important to them .
4094- the insurance regulations for tehran 's taxis have been put into effect since fourteenth of shahrivar .
4095- the insurance company 's dispensary by referring to the present contract has advised all hospitals to admit those injured in taxi accidents if they present an insurance card .
4096- by pointing to the fact that today the agency is positioned in its actual place , in a way that both supervises and defends the rights of nations , he declared " some powers want the agency to be their instrument .
4097- ahamdinejad considered these oppressive powers the problem of humankind and addressing them " if you of the path nations , the problems of the world will be solved .
4098- you are the root of insecurity in the world .
4099- firstly because of the numerous performances with popular singers throughout the world and also because of character and numerous philanthropic activities .
4100- pavarotti was a child of a poor family who were making a living through a bakery profession .
4101- during youth he was a person interested in soccer and soccer professionally in his city 's team .
4102- also for a time he a due to the insistence of his family until by becoming interested in classical singing , he let go of this career .
4103- pavarotti never gained higher musical education like domingo even though he was trained by good masters the most famous of whom was joan sutherland , the great soprano singer of italy .
4104- it may be said that these countries do the cleaning attentively and afterwards supply the obtained leather to the domestic consumers at a few times the price .
4105- apparently for the forming of this bank there are issues in dispute between the central bank and the islamic economic organization among them is the unacceptability of the intervention of the central bank through non - interest loan funds .
4106- for this reason these funds have suggested that a representative from the central bank be present at the board of directors of the non - interest bank for supervision .
4107- according to this member of the economic committee of the parliament some cases of transgression among these funds and institutions were observed in the past which by becoming obligated to provide their financial balance sheet to the central bank , this possibility was altogether eliminated .
4108- the head coach of the national volleyball team of iran after the placing of this team in the fifth rank of the asian nations cup and ascension to the subgroup of olympics expressed satisfaction of his apprentices .
4109- in a news conference after this match zoran gajic said " in some moments of the game we played well but we must accept that chen taipei was better than us in some minutes of the game .
4110- they were excellent in team movements .
4111- i am satisfied by the performance of my players since we were able to obtain five victories in first joint experience .
4112- on the contrary , an orderly and clean environment could be a good shelter for escaping stress creating elements in one 's life .
4113- with the quota of one liter of gas per day we are not able continue activity and expect the responsible officials think of a solution for solving our problem .
4114- but what has especially been obtained from the recent census results in our country proves the opposite of this statement .
4115- according to mehr report , this new automobile system which is called ees , is a product of the company zenn motor co. at toronto canada which has registered the patent of this technology .
4116- here quran has likened the effect of evil doing and sin on humans to rust which sits on metals and makes it rusty in such a way that it could no longer be productive .
4117- quran says whoever has been corrupted by action , his mind would likewise be corrupted about the resurrection because once the action corrupts him he thinks whether or not there is resurrection .
4118- here quran first says :
4119- means stop! we want to say something else.
4120- that which they have procured has built rust on their hearts.
4121- nawaz sharif , the former prime minister of pakistan after about eight years of exile , left london by an airplane and entered pakistan .
4122- he promised to remove pervez musharraf , the president of this country , from power .
4123- the assistants of sharif in an interview with the french news agency affirmed that this former pakistani leader instead of going to his country through muscat , flew with one airplanes of the pakistani airlines directly to islamabad .
4124- nawaz sharif prior to leaving london in a belligerent way said to the private jio television " i am returning to my country so to exert the last pressure on a deteriorating dictatorship in pakistan .
4125- concurrent with the landing of the airplane carrying nawaz sharif at chek laleh airport of islamabad , this airport is still closed to the other foreign flights .
4126- pakistani military forces expelled the news correspondents photographers and domestic and foreign reporters who were present at the islamabad airport in order to prepare the news of the entrance of nawaz shaif the former prime minister of pakistan .
4127- the representatives of written , visual and audio media had gathered in the islamabad airport to cover the entrance of nawaz sharif the former prime minister of pakistan , but the express forces of the pakistani military who were stationed at the airport , threw them out by force .
4128- the law of banking operation without usury ( interest ) , expresses the goals and responsibilities of the banking system the islamic republic of iran .
4129- by forming the task of the group of reform and transformation of the structure of the banking system without usury intends to reform the law of banking operation alongside this transformation .
4130- the lecture by putin in moscow and the statements of lavroff at oslo , was followed by the vehement reaction by americans .
4131- ms. rice in reaction to these statements said " russia must be committed to its obligations she moreover considered russians ' expressing worries about america 's missile defense plan to ridiculous .
4132- the director general of nato too announced that he is quite worried and disappointed about the statements of putin .
4133- he added " the members of nato have always been committed to the ratified treaties of cfe and hope to ratify it very soon upon the performing of the obligations of istanbul from russia concerning the withdrawal of military forces and their facilities from gorgestan and moldavi .
4134- they moreover announced that the objective of this system is not russia and there is no threat against the strategic prevention of russia , rather its objective is the confrontation with the increasing missile threats of the middle east region , especially the islamic republic of iran .
4135- in the meeting of the members of nato without accepting any obligation toward participating in the independent missile defense plan of america , they asked america this plan be expanded throughout europe and collectively cover the entirety of europe .
4136- in other words the principle of the indivisibility of security in nato be respected .
4137- pursuant to the opposition of france and some countries share the same view with the execution of the plan of a far - reaching missile defense of nato at the meeting of the nato officials at riga ( november $year ) america officially announced january $year that it will unilaterally establish this system in the east of europe .
4138- dr. abbas osatad taghizadeh while stating this matter said " in the direction of the neighborhood centric approach and in view of the various needs of the public in various neighborhoods of the city , in each neighborhood two houses of health have been created .
4139- the disabled too have the same limitation and in turmoil and anguish of the negligence and the forgetting of their peers .
4140- must pass through the rocky hills of economic , social , cultural and political competitions the achievements of this uneven competition is often understated .
4141- fourth : women and the disabled in each society and through the course of time are trained and become sociable in such a way that they at times gradually accept their self - deprecating role and internalize .
4142- it is this twofold danger and limitation which in the process of social life , self confidence and self realization these two groups are harmed and its reversal is not easily obtainable .
4143- the president of america told the writer " i could imagine getting in my car , i'm bored and i'm driving toward my farm ( in texas ) .
4144- but apparently bush is not about earning a living .
4145- he says that he intends to give speeches throughout and all around america and the world like his father and bill clinton , both of whom where the former presidents of america had received large sums of tens of thousands of dollars .
4146- deploring oneself , is the worst possible for a president .
4147- in this occupation one could deplore oneself a great deal .
4148- why have they encroached onto other 's land ? is it not the case that in america an owner of a house and an owner of a property would allow himself to shoot at someone who encroaches on his property
4149- concerning the american soldiers who were killed in beirut due to a bombing too this question must be raised that what were they doing in beirut "
4150- this operation had been coordinated from a while back in meetings between general alexander haig the us secretary of state at the time and general ariel sharon , israel 's minister of war and the americans were all the developments .
4151- at that time the american , french , italian , forces .
4152- it was exactly after this savage massacre that american forces once again returned to lebanon and there was no doubt that the massacre at sabra and shatila was conducted with the information and coordination of americans .
4153- the deputy of the ministry of economics and financial affairs continued : last week the first capital providing company of the country with an equity of one thousand billion rials received a permit from a nongovernmental sector .
4154- he called the use of an agent that connects the mass producer and the purchaser of the residence , as other new methods for moving of the residential area and added : the first project by the capital bank began by the definition of the agent .
4155- about the same subject tom lantos , democratic representative of california and chairman of the united states house committee on foreign affairs said : the bush administration sent until they make the promise to us success in this war is feasible and we shall succeed however we do not believe these claims .
4156- he reminded : in alanbaar we have had some success from the point of cooperation with the leaders of sunni tribes which for achieving these successes we have had to train arm the sunni paramilitary and we helped them financially .
4157- the democratic representative of california said : according to the press has promised that you agree with the small decrease of and by the end of the year one brigade will return to the united states where we want a faster return of all the forces and we do not want to participate in iraq 's internal war .
4158- it is certain , that its goal is finding its home .
4159- as reported in mehr , in this new technology the magnetic cooling system is utilized for keeping the food and environment cool .
4160- as reported from mehr , the hubble telescope through the past days has witnessed the failure of its second gyroscope and now with only one its gyroscopes it continues its life in space .
4161- basically accepting blindly wherever the composers of philosophical poetry they meant in the field of .
4162- from this point of view , if we notice that in the field of religion there are the crime of , it is because he wants the sanctity of human kind musn't be a toy for a group of .
4163- in the beginning of the acceptance of religion you must extreme exertion and try your hardest and with knowledge and if you accepted religion through research do not make a toy of this sacred matter of the people .
4164- at the time the argument of substituting the toman in the place of rial was brought up in the economical assemblies and economical and banking experts examined it from different dimensions .
4165- in contrast the oppositions also by expressing that existence or nonexistence of the rial does not have a effect on the economy and they called this substitution the changing of the bills a heavy financial burden for the central bank .
4166- bizhan bid aabady in an interview with fars press added : money from the economic and exchange tool definition and storage has value that most of the zeros can be added or dropped there is no effect in its value .
4167- members of the scientific group of the private islamic university emphasized : increasing or decreasing the number of zeros of the monetary unit is null and will not have any type of effect on economic variables rather it has a bad effect on the economy .
4168- bid aabadi among the bad effect of dropping the monetary zeros the heavy financial costs of replacing the bills the books and new and old informational bases and imposing costs to economic activists and said : the elderly will reject the new money for years .
4169- this economy professor pointing to the problems of social cost of the monetary changes have been seen in the western countries said : for example the change of the french franc from the old franc to the new franc , was not accepted by the older french people until decades passed .
4170- bid aabadi : the decreasing of the number of the monetary zeros will cause all the participants of the economy to preform their activity with the new monetary unit and no allocation in the source will occur .
4171- dr. kaaveh sarmaas member of the scientific committee economic also with emphasis on this belief : in cultural and psychological fronts this change is very important .
4172- in a manner that if large bills are printed it adds to the rate of inflation of the country .
4173- in this state the volume of money increases .
4174- according to him economy is the theories based on money .
4175- in the case of cash increase the speed of money circulation also increases and this matter also creates inflation similar .
4176- therefore the only effect of the monetary unit change and printing bills from the economical view will be creating inflation .
4177- dr. morteza ezati member of the scientific committee of the university of teacher training opposes the reduction of zeros from the monetary unit and believes that the economical state of the country at present is not acute .
4178- currently the printing of large bills appears necessary .
4179- this necessity exists in present conditions because monetary exchange in the form of exchanging bills is common in thecountry .
4180- at the same time this solution is not the base or methodical and is because of this subject that the root of the matter is not acceptable by some .
4181- haadi haghshenaas in a conversation about omitting rials from the banking order of the country says : the change of monetary unit will take place in a condition that the volume has reached the point that people run into problems in their daily business .
4182- currently in our country people do not have any problems with their daily business and carrying money does not create any problem .
4183- he believed : fortunately the market level also business men and merchants whose payments are done through the banking system or check , do not have any problem in doing business and receiving and payments .
4184- based on this the sense of necessity for changing the monetary unit of the country is not felt .
4185- as reported by mehr explorer opportunity which was suppose to accomplish this mission in july was forced to be postponed because of a six week sandstorm .
4186- but now nasa officials have announced that next week this explorer is ready to accomplish its mission .
4187- the july sandstorm in mars disabled the solar panels of explorers spirit and opportunity .
4188- therefore with this hope that the situation of these twin explorers do not worsen , nasa decided these two robots to the minimum .
4189- now wind storms have cleaned the dust and the sand these solar panels and these two explorers are ready to continue there activities .
4190- according to the nasa news base reports , alan stern from nasa about this matter said : these explorers are very powerful .
4191- they successfully left behind the six week sand storm and are still alive .
4192- according to this nasa official , explorer opportunity begins its mission next week to the opening of the volcano victoria and spirit also continues its research about forming of a layered bolder .
4193- with this amendment almost all small business owners and employees with little income who in any tax unit form the highest percentage of contributers and files are exempt from paying taxes .
4194- in other words , wear cloths appropriate for work .
4195- not that you use the evening party dress or jeans to the extreme .
4196- try always clean and sharp , neat appearance and your behavior pleasant .
4197- be careful of the tone of your words and speak with calmness and balance .
4198- keep your shoes clean and always one pair of extra socks in your bag just in case .
4199- connie deputy administartor of a large nonprofit organization in an very large city .
4200- she was somewhat careless about her appearance , always in her interviews she would wear an old jacket and skirt and even after employment in this organization , she became more careless than before .
4201- hoshyare zibaari in a conversation with the al sharghol osat news paper printed in london said : the fourth discussion between iran and the united states in the area of expertise will soon take place .
4202- this message was presented to king abdulla by the ministry of information and the president of the islamic iran 's envoy .
4203- in reports to the public relation of the commerce ministry , access to information of this base by means of a www portal .
4204- ir is possible .
4205- head of the central bank by announcing this news in the gathering for providing finances for exporting of technical services and engineering added by passing this in parliament , the banking system was obliged to accept the future income of the plan as the collateral from the exporter .
4206- in this two day meeting , the overall policies of the red crescent society concerning the volunteers ' affairs and their conditions were studied in the capitals of provinces and branches .
4207- we request immediate action .
4208- when the automobiles of this american student was moving towards the university , it overturned and trapped him inside a river .
4209- government sources said that navaaz sharif yesterday entered the city of jedda in saudi arabia .
4210- dr. mohammad bagher khorramshaad in a conversatinon with mehr added : the plans of the cultural science ministry will take place from the beginning of mehr at the same time with the beginning of the new academic year .
4211- the fourteenth round of the international exhibition of italian art which will take place year $year has been assigned to subject .
4212- the method of ayatolla taaleghani was that first explained the points of view of the old and new interperaters .
4213- and then he added his own point of view interpretations to that .
4214- sheikh tabrisi 's majma aal bayan ( of the old interpretation books ) was available .
4215- japan in matters related to the development of defense missile equipments with the goal of opposing the north korean threat collaborates with the united states but it is evident that such equipments are useful for fighting with china .
4216- japan since the year $year in order to support the operations for the liberation of afghanistan has constantly kept its naval force in the indian ocean and from this track it has acquired valuable experiences in operations away from japanese bases .
4217- on the other hand russia is the largest provider of advanced military hardware for china and at the same time a major rival of that country .
4218- the $year decade was in general the period of decline of the russian military but as it seems the reliance of moscow on large oil incomes has managed to give the government of moscow the possibility for extensive reformation of the armed forces .
4219- russia perhaps cannot manage to execute all of this grandiose plan but the everyday increasing military capabilities of moscow result in the intensification of the chinese effort to promote its defense program and military strength .
4220- the execution of operations on the goujar heights was totally dependant on the occupation of alghou heights and the occupation of alghou was also dependant on providing of dolbeshk heights .
4221- due to the limiting operations to occupaty goujar , problems appeared in the planning of the operations .
4222- the forces from around the evening gradually moved from their stead in the harmadan plain toward escape spots .
4223- meanwhile the atmospheric situation also started to change and gradually snowfall began .
4224- according to the report received the hamas movement in a statement announced : it disposes of reliable news based on which the zionist forces are preparing themselves for beginning extensive air , land and maritime attacks on the gaza strip .
4225- mahmoud abbas , the president of the self - governed palestinian government after meeting with malek abdullah ii the king of jordan , said : the arabs for the fulfillment of an just peace with tel - aviv , all that they had in power and now the ball is in the land of the zionist regime and its allies .
4226- the director of the agriculture jihad organization of tehran province said : according to the enactment of the economic council , subsidy for chemical fertilizer and the sowing of seeds fall will be placed in the account of the producers as cash ( through the bank order of keshavarz card ) .
4227- mohseni>added: this amount, based on the area being cultivated, green area, the observation of cultivation standards and government support policies- with priorities for basic and strategic agricultural products- will be paid to producers in the agricultural sector. </en>
4228- experts believe the continuation of this situation will soon result in breaking the historical record of the price of gold in the worldwide markets .
4229- the director general of the reconstruction of iran shilat reserves expressed regret about non inclusion of caviar in the list of local smuggled goods and stated this matter as being a legal obstacle for confrontation with wrongdoers .
4230- he while referring to the growth of illegal fishing in the caspian , stated : there is a need in the country for reforming the laws and regulations for fishing the caviar fish this is while the bordering countries of the caspian sea due to economic and social reasons do not prevent illegal fishing .
4231- rahimi danesh stated : if the coast lands of the caspian sea which in the past were used as shilat fisheries with the intention of raising caviar fish are placed at the disposition of unions of fishermen and shilat graduates we may safeguard the country 's reputation in the caviar market
4232- rasht ettelaat reporter : appropriate service provisions , establishment of security for the people and resolution of their problems are the honor of the police .
4233- chief bahman amiri moghaddam , the new police commander of the gilan province in a press conference with reporters in rasht said : providing services to people and establishing the security and eliminating their problems is the honor of the police .
4234- he added : in this regard i very much like close ties with the press and the media because with the growth of such ties the sense of security in the society will grow and this matter will result in absorbing and attracting investments for the development of the province .
4235- the commander police in gilan province added : the people of gilan are cultured and as a result the execution of laws and regulations in such a province should be at the highest level , therefore we expect that law evasion should not exist in this province en>
4236- he added : we want a society oriented police , because the police must in treating the people observe many rules and approach them in a correct manner .
4237- incorporation of the industry the daily life has always been of the major pruderies of humanity .
4238- during the recent centuries , in particular the twentieth centuries , tremendous progress in the industry and on a larger scale , the technology have been made and with the progress of technology , the level of expectations has also been elevated .
4239- the world of robots created a revolution in the field of technology .
4240- the costliness of the human force and the limitation of the magnitude of performance of this force caused the industry benefit more from the existence of mechanical humans or robots .
4241- with the completion of robotic projects throughout the world , unrivalled capabilities have also been added to this useful resource , but now researchers with a close combination of advanced technology and daily life have taken an interesting initiative en>
4242- the automatic house responds to all the needs of a person .
4243- when a person intends to enter the courtyard of the house , he gets on a protractor and this protractor is comprised of a few different paths .
4244- the interesting point that not everyone can enter this house .
4245- the clinical scan sensors which are installed throughout the automatic house are able to fully identify the owner of the house and the entrance of other people will only be possible with the authorization of the owner of the house .
4246- the tape of the installed protractors provides the possibility the person to be able to have access to all around the house and the courtyard .
4247- in the house four robots have the responsibility providing services .
4248- the cook robot as its name indicates , is able to provide the food required by the owner of the house and perhaps the guests .
4249- of course this robot is going through its experimental phases and is only able to cook and serve semi prepared foods .
4250- the cook robot recognizes the refrigerator , dishwasher and washing machine and is totally familiar with their performance .
4251- this robot after having prepared the food is able to take it to the dining table and by establishing ties with the owner of the house and the other members present , to note their food orders and to take action towards preparing them en>
4252- the hands of this robot are made of a type of semi pressured plastic and this polymer has a much resemblance to the tissues of the hand .
4253- the massaging robot entirely imitates the movements of a chinese massage and during eating by massaging people doubles the joy of eating .
4254- also if a person does not need a massage , with a simple thank you he can make the robot understand not to message him .
4255- the massaging robot is not only a good and complete massager but it is also able to have a role in cleaning the dining table and guiding the guests .
4256- the sweeping robot - this robot has an design and efficiency .
4257- the physical appearance of this robot is designed like a middle aged maid who has tied a triangular scarf on its head .
4258- and some have said : on account of this god almighty himself fasting because the fasting person has spruced oneself with the embellishment of divine morals .
4259- and some have said : these additions are due to the fact that fasting among hidden acts that no one knows about it and whoever is fasting has gained the entire faith because faith is divided in halves en>
4260- and one should know that : relief for ardor and effects of zeal in the heart of a wayfarer are revealed due to hunger and thirst en>
4261- hunger is a caravan from the oneness of egypt freighted with joseph 's shirt .
4262- once the wayfarer , due to the birth of hunger and the pressure of thirst stages , and is denuded of the garment of humanity and steps into the individual sanctum of the home of closeness specific to oneness , he emancipated from the darkness of existence and to the eternity of the existence the absolute existence .
4263- and it should be known that : no potion of salvation or rule of medication , the disciple bitten by the snake of negligence , like thirst and hunger .
4264- yahya mo'az razi has said : once a disciple occupies himself with engorgement , angels will cry for him out of sympathy
4265- and the one who is ravenous for eating , will be burnt by the fire of avarice .
4266- and it has been said that : satan escapes from the hungry dormant plays with full and him into well of temptation .
4267- boshr hafi has said that : hunger purifies the heart and exterminates concupiscence and reveals delicate intricate sciences .
4268- and any blessing bounty and glory of perseverance gained by antecedents and has been through hunger and thirst .
4269- ayesheh tells that the relatives of prophet ( p . b . u . h ) never had a full meal of barley bread
4270- and zolnoon said : in the mealtime i have never had enough food and water to become full .
4271- the prophet ( peace be upon him ) has said : adam 's son will suffice as much food that gives him strength so that he can worship and keeps his back upright .
4272- and if he can't help engorging one third food one third water and one third breath .
4273- and the tradition of all great sages was eating little , and in the calamities of and in the way of aspirations , they would resort to eating little , and in which they would offer the divine contentment .
4274- and their disengagement was secured and protected against disturbance through hunger and thirst .
4275- great wayfarers some were those who would always fast as long as they were alive both abroad and at home .
4276- abou abdullah jan baz was among such people one day his companions exaggerated that he broke fast .
4277- and to that reason he became sick for sometime .
4278- asghar majidi in a discussion with irna without referring to the reduction of the price of housing in shahre - kord added : during the past few years the price of land and housing in shahre - kord was on the rise in an anomalous manner and this matter had let to the dissatisfaction of the people .
4279- the owner of a real estate agency in shahre - kord said : since two months ago the purchasing and sale of land in shahre - kord has stagnated and some sellers prepared to sell their property with lower price .
4280- the owner of a real estate agency in shariati street of shahre - kord also says : due to the absence of clients stagnation has become predominant in the housing market of this city and some are waiting for the decision of the government for surrendering land to the people .
4281- an owner of a real estate in avenue saadi of share - kord also said : at the present the prices have not had a significant decrease and only the market for buying and selling which was very hot before has become cold and one should wait for the future .
4282- in iran , the construction of a sepulcher is one of the usual methods for honoring the religious dignitaries or and important social or state figures which from the ilkhani period onwards was observed more than before en>
4283- in fact the tradition of constructing sepulchers and tombs for the deceased entered into india by muslims ; because before the coming of muslims into india , many hindus cremated the corps of the dead and did not have a method for honoring their notables .
4284- during this period , a number of sepulchers were also made for crown women and the taj mahal is considered as one of them .
4285- taj mahal is the tomb of / " arjomand banou " nicknamed as momtaz mahal the beloved wife of the fifth gourkani king known as shahe jahan .
4286- the emperor chose a place near the jamena stream .
4287- he also intended to build a tomb on the other side of the stream and parallel to it for himself and to connect these two buildings to each other through a bridge , as a token that his union his wife goes past the course of time .
4288- that contrary to the facade of the taj mahal which was white marble the tomb of the king be black marble but the second tomb was never to be built and the emperor next to his wife .
4289- when momtaz mahal died , the grieved emperor gathered designers , engineers and masters from india and iran so that they build a tomb which became the last architectural achievement of the great mongols .
4290- in the tomb of taj mahal the architectural traditions of iran and india have been incorporated in a coordinated and harmonious way and the most emphasis is put on the geometrical congruence of the edifice .
4291- this vestige has a few backgrounds from the tomb of homayoun .
4292- he who was the second gourkani emperor india , was exiled to iran .
4293- he in his return to india , brought a group of iranian artists together with him ; therefore it is not surprising that taj mahal has benefited from the iranian designs and hindu architectural heritage .
4294- the building of the tomb is situated on two platforms on each other .
4295- the building of the tomb has been designed and built with eight paradises designs .
4296- hasht behesht is the name of a type of architectural design based on which in general there is a central area in the middle often dome like from the center of which transit four parallel axis .
4297- on both eastern and western sides of the edifice of the tomb , two totally identical buildings have been built in a symmetrical way .
4298- the building located on the western side of the edifice , is a mosque which is composed of three dome chambers and three porticos .
4299- on the eastern side of the tomb a mosque - like building is built which is the guesthouse of the complex and in all its skeletal characteristics it is similar to a mosque , except that it does not have an altar and the image of a prayer rug has not been created on its pavement en>
4300- on four sides of the main dome , there are four vaults with small domes .
4301- the existence of four small domes on the four sides of the main dome is a tradition and technique which can be noticed in the tome of amir ismail samani in bukhara .
4302- therefore the mentioned characteristic can be considered among iranian architectural characteristics .
4303- he while stating that the valuation of the stock of the institution requires expert examination , noted : at the present time the admission of the institution in the bonds stock market is completed and the other stages for offering of stocks will also be completed rapidly .
4304- for the first time in the country , the implementation of the student koran project ( toubi ) started in heaven garden of shiraz .
4305- he affirmed : medical morality , palladian circles study of shiism and awareness of islamic communions are the other cultural programs in this project .
4306- the cultural deputy of medical sciences of shiraz university considered the visit of the historical and religious sites , the organization of the exhibition and the shohada stand and the group koran reciting as the most important peripheral programs of this project .
4307- the publication of analysis and translation of the koran> the book of analysis and translation of the koran> written by reza moadab> is being published .
4308- his excellency dr. reza moadab> , member of the scientific board of qom university , in an interview with iran koran agency ( ikna ) with regards to this book said : in this book the presuppositions of interpreters in the interpretation of the koran has been dealt with .
4309- he added : also the comprehensiveness of the koran and the multi - layer aspect of this divine book in the translation and interpretation of this book have been well examined en>
4310- are offered in this book .
4311- according to the recommendation of the organization the traffic signposts and signals iran will change the new traffic signpost project will first be implemented in the large highways of the country and the bazargan vineyard road and then it will be carried out throughout the country .
4312- france 's defeat in the city of paris against scotland is considered the major incident of this night and the winning of netherlands , italy and spain was other major incidents of these contests in facing rivals .
4313- he announced that ronaldinho the young and new phenomenon of barcelona would stay at newcamp .
4314- in alloghat> describing the month ramadan it is stated : the ninth month of the lunar months between shaban and shaval .
4315- are among the other valuable characteristics of this month .
4316- however at this time we will look at this holy month from another angle that is another world and holds a different sweetness and that is the reflection of this holy month in the lucid mirror of the persian literature that is a place for the highest manifestations of the islamic culture and instructions .
4317- the first point in this regard is that according to the researches in the literature of none of the world nations a month entered the realm of literature to this extent and has been praised and revered the eulogy of the orators and the scholars .
4318- in the persian literature always the months of ramadan and moharam alharam have been noticed by the skillful orators especially the shiite poets .
4319- as in the realm of the persian literature there has been many words said regarding the month of ramadan
4320- therefore we will briefly suffice to one couplet from every poet on one topic .
4321- fasting is called in the koran .
4322- this word means stopping and refraining from any deeds and in the jurisprudence terms it is attributed to all special refrains conducted at a specified time .
4323- the fasting of the month of ramadan is obligatory for every muslim man and woman .
4324- regarding the benefits of fasting psychologically medically
4325- in translation of koran of jorjani> the night of ghadr has been mentioned the night of measuring deeds .
4326- the owner of estelahat fonun> says the night of ghadr is an honored and night in which everybody who subjugates will be honored and respected .
4327- in altafhim> it is written : and laylat alghadr is in the month of ramadan whose dignity is sought in the following ten days and it is said to the arcs of these ten days
4328- laylat allghadr is an important and fateful night .
4329- on the virtue of night it is said that night is better than one thousand and most probably this noble night is one of the nineteenth , and twenty third nights of the month of ramadan .
4330- this disease is one of the two major disorders that are named as the inflammatory deceases of the bowels .
4331- the other disease is called kerone
4332- the phlegm of the colon rushes and leads to inflammation , soreness , bleeding and diarrhea .
4333- this inflammation always engages the rectum and the ending part of the colon but sometimes the entire length of the colon might be engaged .
4334- in children the rectum might not be engaged in the preliminary stages of the disease .
4335- this disease starts evenly from the ending part of the colon and might spread to the upper parts .
4336- the inflammation will be overall and usually only the phlegm of the bowels is engaged .
4337- sometimes it spreads to the ending part of the small intestine in the part connected to the colon .
4338- this disease for unknown reasons is more prevalent in the industrial countries and the northern regions .
4339- the disease chronic there is no certain treatment for it but usually it is well controllable through long - term treatment and continuous care .
4340- javad sadeghi in this talk while stating that kindness and compassion are the basis of the relationship couples , emphasized : kindness and compassion are considered the most important elements of the relationship between couples .
4341- for example the killing of male children by pharaoh and burying girls before islam can be considered as evident cases of child abuse in past societies .
4342- but how ? the first steps of quitting ? but doesn't a shared life mean to keep ? not always
4343- there are times that quitting can save a relationship .
4344- head of the atomic energy organization expressed hopes the negotiations be finalized in this field and in a report to be presented to the people , the issue of inaugurating the power plant and transferring fuel .
4345- he in response to this question that is the delay in inaugurating the power plant political stated : as the president announced , mr. putin has told in a meeting with him that his country 's political will is to complete the atomic plant of bushehr .
4346- he in continuation of his talk in response to a question about whether the reduction in the speed of nitrification which albaradee has also mentioned in his report has political or technical reasons , emphasized that we move foreword according to the plan drawn up in advance .
4347- aghazadeh in response to another question regarding the return of iran 's case from the security council to the international atomic energy agency stated the westerners in past three said that we would resolve the remaining issues in a specified schedule .
4348- he added : mr. larijani had some negotiations with mr. solana and in the last negotiations they agreed that a work plan to be drawn with the agency and fortunately the work plan was drawn sooner than the set time ( less than two months ) .
4349- he reiterated although the remaining issues to be resolved in the framework of this work plan but we resolved one of the important issues that is plutonium during the drawing of the work plan .
4350- in continuation of the issues regarding the arrangement of house stuff and considering the size of today 's apartments , we have prepared a material for you regarding small spaces and intricacies related to it .
4351- in these small points you will see that how professional decorators exploit the limited spaces in the best way .
4352- they often while depending on these points , make the viewer imagine that a space is larger than what they see .
4353- less is more this is an adage that is the catch phrase of the decorators of small spaces .
4354- it is right that furniture and small stuff take less space , but if you want to place larger number of them in a small room for this reason , the room will look overcrowded and like small a storehouse .
4355- it is better to use large and comfortable appliances that occupy as much space , but because of fewer numbers , rooms look less crowded and larger .
4356- using and dominant designs and colors in small rooms should be done carefully and powerfully .
4357- instead of choosing strongly colored slipcovers with large designs , of the material of your interest prepare small and colorful cushions so they both grant color to the environment and take less space .
4358- don't install tableaux on the middle of walls .
4359- otherwise the viewer unconsciously pays attention to the size of the wall , while installing tableaux somewhere off the center attracts the viewer 's eyes to the picture itself .
4360- the combination of two tableaux vertically also attracts attention to the height of and invokes a feeling of highness of the ceiling in the viewer .
4361- as reported by the aljazeera news network the director general of this union stated such a region can have many advantages for the two sides and economic cooperation strengthens the private sector .
4362- mahmood shokri added this increase in the participation of the taxpayers in the present year has been done through a trust building that its base started from the past year .
4363- as reported by the information base of the presidency , amhadinejad yesterday in the general congress of the commanders of islamic guardian corps emphasized the strength and capability of the islamic revolution guardian corps is at the service of justice , peace , global security and elevation of humanity community .
4364- he while expressing that nowadays the mission of guards is very serious and looks like the prophets ' divine mission , said : resistance against oppression , bearing the standard of monotheism and worship and inviting humanity to the reality of existence are among the important responsibilities of the islamic guardian corps .
4365- irna vienna : mohammad albaradee while referring to the recent performance program between iran and the agency said : the remaining issues at least during two or three past years have existed and we will try by resolving them to reach a conclusion regarding the nature of iran 's atomic plan .
4366- he in continuation said if within the next two to three months we might be able to do that with the full cooperation of iran it can open a different path for the interaction between iran and the international community .
4367- he added if iran could not implement this plan in accordance with the agreed timetable , unfortunately we would be placed in another situation .
4368- he also said this stage for success needs the support of the entire international society .
4369- the managing director of the agency while emphasizing this is a special situation and so requires a special effort said : we more than before need evidences places individuals attached protocol and also cooperation .
4370- abradeee in the continuation said : when issues regarding the past , we should also be confident that the current activities are placed under the working supervision and are peaceful .
4371- he considered the duty of the agency in this regard making iran 's past and present transparent and said we have also told this issue to the council of rulers that we cannot make judgments regarding the future activities of any country including iran .
4372- as reported by mehr quoting the internet base of the public relations of the foreign ministry of germany , frank walter stein mayer added : we yet insist on the friendly resolving of iran 's atomic case and wish the continuation of talks in this field .
4373- as reported by fars quoting the france news agency , mac kurmek the white house spokesperson , while mentioning this matter announced this session is to be held at the level of the political advisors to the foreign ministry .
4374- nicholas bronze , the third rank of the america 's foreign ministry is supposed to be the host of the next week session in washington and he announced the main subject of negotiation the manner of possible sanctions on iran .
4375- mac kurmec claimed : we are sure that we can reach advancements in this regard and the security council will ratify a new resolution that includes new sanctions .
4376- in this session raufee nejad the governor of kerman regarded the popularity of the holy defense of its major attributes and said this issue has been the cause of enthusiastic presence of people in the commemorating ceremonies of the week of holy defense .
4377- the governor of kerman called the youth the revolution 's values and said explaining the goals and values of the time of the holy defense can open path the youth for moving in the line of guardianship and revolution .
4378- the managing director of the fars telecommunication corporation while announcing this news said : the fars province has devoted the first rank to itself in registering mobile sim cards .
4379- mortazavi stated transportation and green spaces of the city of birjand must developed according to the needs of people and attention must be paid to the islamic traditional architecture in this city .
4380- the mayor of birjand in a speech also said : the urban management of bijand must be transformed and this is a rightful expectation of the people and government .
4381- he talked of institutionalizing the motto of serving all individuals without obligation as his vocational priorities in the municipality .
4382- yazd etelaat reporter : seyed heidar azimi 's house in the city of abarkuh is registered in the list of the national monuments the materials used in this old house are of mud break and mud and its antiquity dates back to the qajar era.
4383- the entrance of the house is in the southeastern front that through a corridor ends to the courtyard and in the past in the southeastern part of the courtyard a space had been devoted to the soap baking workshop and the terrace of the house is located in the northern side .
4384- it is noteworthy the oldest house in the city of abarkuh is kobra house> that its antiquity dates back to the safavid era.
4385- hoveyzeh etelaat reporter : the activities of building the bustan alghadir park of hoveyzeh started while holding a ceremony .
4386- i bitterly asked : he interrupted me the prison guard was silent .
4387- he finally replied : he one by one gave me the pathetic stuff he had brought from my father 's death cell .
4388- greek a happy wife is the source of happiness .
4389- swedish a sickle cuts young blossoms .
4390- polish youth is like salt which is sweet .
4391- english if you don't have money in pocket hold honey in mouth .
4392- greek if you hate others correct yourself .
4393- in the statement of iran 's embassy in baghdad it has been specified that creation of insecurity in iraq is in line with the goals of america .
4394- it is expected on friday the nomination of zubkov be officially put on duma 's floor approval .
4395- parviz parastui , the secretary of the eleventh celebration of cinema house which was held in saadabad museum palace last night while stating this issue said : tonight is the night of cinema , the night for respecting and praising iran 's culture and civilization .
4396- some consider this state a disease which is categorized as a compulsive disorder .
4397- in this month the gates of heaven and paradise are opened and the gates of hell closed .
4398- dorosti said : considering the fact that the digestive system has been for hours empty , if it suddenly faces a large volume of a heavy meal
4399- franc 's defeat in paris against scotland was considered the great incident of this night and the victory of poland , italy and spain were among other great events of these matches in confronting the opponents .
4400- announced that the new ronald inyo and the young phenomenon of barcelona will stay in new camp .
4401- he said : the united states is winning in iraq and the goals of president bush in increasing the number of american soldiers in iraq are being realized .
4402- general petraeus said the same word jorge bush liked to hear .
4403- general petraeus who was last year instead of general jorge keisy appointed as commander american forces in iraq used to be the commander of the american airborne division that first entered iraq .
4404- he unlike general keisy believed and believes that by increasing military forces america can be assisted in reaching its goals .
4405- petraeus plan was put forth last year when according to becker hamilton 's report , america in iraq is involved in a without victory war and should as soon as possible leave this country .
4406- international energy agency .
4407- ali vazirian , the permanent head of asma al hosna exhibition about the change of awards and the way of presenting them says : we intend in the coming years to reduce the number of awards and instead increase the value of awards so that it would be more serious .
4408- however according to vazirian this promise was fulfilled just one year and last year the guidance officials did not keep their promise .
4409- the head of asma al hosna exhibition who is apparently very angry about the guidance breach of promise added : " both us and the visitors and addresses of this exhibition are much surprised that in such government the ministry of guidance does not support such exhibition .
4410- seyed mohammad ehsayi painter and calligraphist in the commemoration ceremony of marko gregorian in the museum of contemporary arts said : i consider my collection of works of mention of " allah " and " there is no god but god as inspired by artistic conduct of marko gregorian .
4411- mehrabian said : during meetings with syrian high - ranking officials including the president and prime minister , they announced their absolute support of the expansion of the relations of the two countries and execution of iran 's industrial projects .
4412- he added : during this trip joint workshops in the fields including cement , automobile , rubber , glass and food stuff and
4413- mehrabian while pointing out different economic methods for securing the financial sources of joint projects of iran and syria added : in the committee for financial securing our priority is securing capital through private sector and almost in all agreements the iranian side was introduced the private sector .
4414- he while emphasizing that unfortunately the number of drugs related prisoners very high , he said : most of the addicts who have been arrested in connection with drugs are staying in prison because of inability to pay the fine to which they have been sentenced .
4415- ahmadi moghadam reiterated : thus solutions should be predicted so that imprisonment would not be considered for this group of people , because imprisoning them would be followed by more and greater problems .
4416- destruction of environment , extinction of dialects , forgetting customs and conventions , destruction of ancient works and indifference toward were not that we now witness the sale of chinese products in our most authentic villages .
4417- the country 's attorney general said : we cannot for the sake of environment stop the execution of tehran - north highway project which is a national project and influences the reduction of people 's wasted time , fuel consumption and the traffic load on the roads leading to the north .
4418- we should interpret the correction of banking system as its accordance with today 's economical and social conditions and there is no need to look for faults and problems and accordance with today 's conditions is a necessity for dynamism of any economical system including banking system .
4419- the head of international atomic energy agency said : i am sure that sanctions on their own would not solve this problem .
4420- we will continue encouraging iran to cooperate and trying to create a situation for negotiation .
4421- we should not move beyond diplomacy .
4422- albaradee added : democratic people 's republic of korea is a good example for negotiation .
4423- after the meeting of six sides group in which china plays a very important role , positive results were achieved about north korea .
4424- bill clinton the former american president while claiming that iran is the main impediment for israel - syria peace said that america should deploy more forces to the kurdistan of this country .
4425- he in continuance reference to the situation in iraq said : the pullout of american forces without the existence of necessary guarantees would have consequences .
4426- moreover the stay of our forces in iraq has also unpleasant consequences and it can be really said that there is no suitable alternative for this issue .
4427- this is a historic moment when the member countries and native people were reconciled with their painful history .
4428- the leaders of the natives hoped this declaration would be approved by consensus , but since some countries were against , voting was the only possible choice .
4429- azerbaijan , bangladesh , ukraine , russia and georgia were among the countries that abstained .
4430- this declaration seeks the recognition of the right of native people as to deciding fate and land control which is the principle the council of human rights recognizes , but some consider it enfeebler of the authority of countries and controversial .
4431- the leaders of ethnic groups this declaration to be approved by consensus , but since some countries are reluctant to recognize their rights most probably the general assembly will put it on formal vote .
4432- a khoramabadi citizen while asserting paying fees for visiting the fair does not have justification said : he had gone to visit the fair with three members of family but for this same reason he had changed his mind .
4433- he emphasized : today enemies while spending huge expenses via satellite , internet and cds penetrate deep into families and this is when we are suffering from weak planning .
4434- the minister of islamic culture and guidance said : the victory of islamic of iran and moving towards dominating religious and divine culture in the country placed quran in the context of life and instructions of managing society .
4435- as reported by irna quoting the cultural counselor of islamic republic of iran embassy in harrareh , in this meeting mr. iepikchi iran 's cultural dependant in zimbabwe considered initiation of the new period of this association 's activity an important factor in development and amplification of cultural relationships of the two countries .
4436- he while pointing out the valuable abilities and experiences of " bright matonga " the dean of information and advertising minister of zimbabwe and the new chairman of the association of iran and zimbabwe friendship , asserted optimism on the future successes of this association .
4437- the islamic culture and guidance ministry said : the victory of islamic republic of iran and moving towards dominating religious and divine culture in the country quran in the context of life and instructions to administer society .
4438- the interior minister added : " any government which regulates its foreign policy based on wisdom can not deprive itself from relationship and interaction with iran .
4439- the special envoy of islamic iran president also about the nuclear activities of iran said : " we have always had intimate cooperation with inspectors of the international atomic energy agency and we oblige ourselves to observe international regulations and norm in this regard .
4440- pour mohammadi while pointing out this issue that islamic republic of iran has acquired the technology of providing nuclear fuel reminded : iranian experts have had considerable improvements in the field of nuclear knowledge and have been able to domesticate the technology of producing nuclear fuel .
4441- the interior minister answering another question of reuters 's correspondent regarding constant threats of america about setting new sanctions against iran said : " americans by using the tactic of threats and pressure are after performing their one - sided policies in the world .
4442- hujatol - islam pour mohammadi added : iranian nation has lived for nearly three decades in sanction circumstances and in these conditions it has been able to gain a lot of improvements in the various scientific and fundamental and infrastructural fields .
4443- he also said : in spite of the fact that islamic republic of iran is after comprehensive and logical development of social and political exchanges and interactions with countries in the world there is no hesitation that iran will not care for threats from tyrant governments .
4444- the islamic culture and guidance minister said : the victory of islamic iran and moving towards dominating religious and divine culture in the country placed quran in the context of life and instructions to administer the society .
4445- extremist hindu groups such as bhartia janata party "
4446- and " the international council of hinduism
4447- intend to intensify their complaints about the decision of the indian government regarding destruction of a mass of bridge like stone layers in the naval area which joins india and serilanka to each other .
4448- america one day after this clear scandal in an action which some analysts describe " escaping forward " published a long list of countries that claims some freedoms are violated in them .
4449- iran 's name is also included in this list .
4450- nomads are without hesitation one of the valuable heritages of iran who have a role several times their population in providing protein specially red meat , diary and other livestock products .
4451- as said by them , considering the end of nomads season of selling extra livestock , unfortunately up to now nomad 's affairs and no other responsible organization has acted for buying extra livestock and nomads extra livestock remained with them .
4452- in spite of the fact that little increase production of the level productions of the members of oil exporter countries ( opec ) , had created hope for breaking this ascending process the days after opec meeting in vienna showed that this expectation has been far from reality .
4453- a senior oil expert on friday in an interview with irna in vienna said about this : after the increase in opec production it was expected that market would be comforted and prices from psychological viewpoint move towards a reduction .
4454- minister of islamic culture and guidance said : the victory of islamic revolution of iran and moving towards dominating religious and divine culture in the country placed quran in the context of life and instructions to administer society .
4455- the television japan
4456- k ) saturday reported : formal officials of japan 's government have announced that they are afraid of that the mission of japan 's self - defense naval force in indian ocean in form of anti - terrorism law gets stopped for a long time .
4457- as reported " n.
4458- irna reports quoting from " n .
4459- based on this , japan 's government hopes in order to continue the activity of fuel transporting of these forces , to prepare a new enactment and get it approved in the parliaments of this country .
4460- according to report n .
4461- as the result of parliamentary negotiations for reviewing the new enactment and oppositions of parties present in the counselors japan 's self - defense naval force is obliged at least until the time of approval of the new law , to call back its ships from the indian ocean .
4462- in general it must be said like other fields , also in road - constructing field indeed a very great revolution has happened in the province and considering the mountainous and the districts in this province , significance and hardship of road constructing in it is completely obvious .
4463- to fulfill this significant president 's trip to the province were approved and now several irrigation projects reached utilization via digging deep wells such as sarnei irrigation complex for drop and rain irrigation of fields of the districts of mehran town en>
4464- he added : in this regard after publication of the caricature , the supervisor of sweden embassy in tehran summoned and our country 's severe complaint to this issue was announced .
4465- following the action of foreign ministry , other islamic countries also acted to condemn this insulting approach and the trend of reactions was extended pervasively .
4466- husseini while pointing out that the foreign ministry in this period consulted with ministers participating in the assembly of human rights and cultural variety , asked for insertion of the accusation of insulting to religions in the final statement .
4467- husseini about the fact that with what goal the repetition of insults western media to islamic is done , said : such activities are done with the goal of propagating hatred and developing racism which is convicted and rejected .
4468- these approaches have aimed religious beliefs and have intensified the grounds for cultural conflicts and struggles .
4469- the evaporation of sweat the skin heat and causes the body .
4470- by glancing at history , it could be observed that until a few decades ago , politicians and legislators were not at all worried about the consequences of domestic violence and looked at this phenomenon judiciary and criminological .
4471- if violence was observed or proven everyone would think of police , court , judge and prison .
4472- nobody thought of the social harms and complications of this phenomenon in terms of societal and individual health .
4473- health care systems did not even have the competence except to respond to questions raised by the judicial system .
4474- until finally in order to prevent violence especially the hushed violence in the family sphere health care personnel meaning doctors and nurses , were asked to report suspicious cases of violence to police .
4475- since then the role of the medical society gradually surpassed the limits of caring for the victims of violence .
4476- meanwhile , about a month ago world health organization published its third report on the worldwide movement for preventing violence .
4477- of course perhaps more important is that millions of people survive non - fatal violence but never again experience a normal life .
4478- disability and injury that results from it are irretrievable and cannot escape it until the end of life .
4479- depression , addiction to various types of narcotic substances or street pills and sexual problems are some of other abnormalities which ruin the lives of these victims of violence .
4480- on the other hand at times these individual problems lead to social anomalies .
4481- these discussions are philosophical metaphysical , social , cultural and even historical .
4482- no i do not have such a belief at all .
4483- sometimes we a practical view and want to obtain tangible results .
4484- in that case yes , there are some justifications for these definitions .
4485- but from a fundamental point of view , one cannot overlook these discussions .
4486- yes , i also agree .
4487- but the discussion is not that simple this cloning and the likes of it in reality an interconnectable and evolutionary view toward science .
4488- if we pay attention to the metaphysical and historic - cultural principles of science in the same prevailing views which do not take the softwaric dimensions into account we could enter the scene more successfully and more productively .
4489- of course an extremely delicate discussion .
4490- look at the scientific epistemologies you have vienna circle " school which is the same as inductive science you also have the nihilism of " karl popper , in addition the research program " lacatush and you are immediately faced with cohen 's " paradigmatic view .
4491- now the question is what should we do with these topics ? of course i don't believe that since they have reached this conclusion , we also say what we do with this argument
4492- so one cannot separate the field of natural sciences from unnatural science .
4493- based on what logic we allow ourselves to separate natural science from humanities ? this is a particular logic which we may not want to follow .
4494- under what basis do you separate these issues from one another , especially at a time when epistemologies must be coherent ?
4495- i talked about the connection .
4496- connection does not mean the reduction of one to another .
4497- i am looking for a linear and coherent epistemology and i say one thing in this world connects knowledge of experience knowledge of observation and the knowledge of revelation .
4498- but this does not mean that " a sensual does the work of " intellectual knowledge or knowledge of intuition does the work of sensual knowledge .
4499- of course we cannot overlook their relations .
4500- in this sense , a linear and coherent epistemology manifests .
4501- since the universe is woven together one cannot separate practical wisdom from theoretical wisdom or the theoretical arena the evaluative arena the normative arena , and .
4502- they are all connected to one another , but they cannot be reduced together .
4503- so making a reference this relation may be related to " the subject , cannot cause for an absolute separation between natural and human sciences .
4504- this separation is not acceptable .
4505- of course i emphasize this fact does not mean that the topic of human science is the same as natural science .
4506- the subject of " relations was brought up , since it is indisputable that the subjects of humanities are more complex .
4507- the topics of natural science have a " simple harmonics , but the human sciences take advantage of " multiple harmonics .
4508- this argument has taken hold in study of methods whose studying of natural sciences phenomena we have the " acquainted doer , but the " acquainted subject is not a pivotal concept .
4509- but in the human sciences both the acquainted doer and the acquainted subject are pivotal .
4510- therefore in the argument of softwaric aspects , there has been interest toward natural sciences and maybe the main interest of natural science .
4511- it appears some friends , their issues and interests emanate from natural science .
4512- of course i had an objection to your question and the hidden answer in your question , but pay attention that the nature of science is such that one cannot separate the sciences with ease and consider softwaric aspects only applicable to human sciences .
4513- so by taking into consideration the relation of sciences , despite their differences , we can freely address the topics of epistemology and sociology and not be concerned about applicability .
4514- very well ! we talk specifically about human sciences and sociology .
4515- in the arena of sociology and philosophy , our knowledge is undoubtedly western .
4516- for example if we were to talk about urban sociology , we refer to " mcluhan and arguments " tonis and " max weber . if we were to talk about the philosophy of science or we must address karl popper and " shliar makker .
4517- it is in this manner that one could discuss types and sorts of sociologies and could no longer say the concept of urban sociology revolves around " city and its methods , are objective and positivistic .
4518- the minister of road and transportation during this ceremony said : because of its trust in government and ninth government support of development activities the private sector has entered the work ground and in road and transportation section great projects are being executed .
4519- k " , hatoyama said : " shinzo abe " prime minister of japan , last wednesday suddenly declared his readiness to step down from his position , but this action was taken too late .
4520- they added : its reason is that this election without paying attention to the public opinion and japan cabinet will be only a transient action on the verge of holding public elections for choosing new members of representative assembly of this country .
4521- he added : i think that we should direct the ideas from a viewpoint that both the ruling party and the democratic party , the biggest opposition party in this country , think of protecting of people 's economic issues .
4522- yosano added : the fuel - supply operations of the japanese self - defense navy the indian ocean has been praised by different countries of the world and is considered a critical mission among the different anti - terrorism missions .
4523- it seems as if everything is ready for endowment and the air is full of fragrant and the smell of the roses of mohammad and jasmine lives in every corner of moslems ' hearts and everybody is ready for an afresh circumambulation .
4524- again in remembrance of sacred we take off worldly clothes and put on garb sacred and we want to start circumambulation in the feast month " the god of the world " , this rotation is not the rotation around the house but around the owner of the house .
4525- the executive of this plan is of course mrs. " alio marie " the present minister of interior of france and the former minister of defense who had been known as the iron woman of " jacques chirac 's " was once considered a candidate for presidency and a rival for sarkozy .
4526- mrs. alio marie the minister of interior in a visit to the antiterrorism service of france announced this important action in the security domain and said : the complete and profound implementation of this merge lasts until next year and it causes a revolution in the duty of france police .
4527- all in all this big job is not without concerns and that is two old and big organizations of " national surveillance administration " and " general information " will be completely eliminated from stage .
4528- his excellency ayattolah khamenei at the beginning of the second sermon while praising god , saluting the honorable prophet of islam , immaculate imams , her highness fatima zahra ( ) , muslims and the supporters of the poor and devout asked for god 's remissions for everyone .
4529- his excellency ayattolah khamenei continued : this deceased was an enduring abstinent and pure warrior scholar also he passed the test very well .
4530- both in the fighting period and after the victory of revolution .
4531- in these complex and very difficult equations that in political and security issues happened after the revolution , the late god taleghani passed the test very well .
4532- the friday prayer either in tehran or in other cities of the country became a bountiful institution gradually the friday prayer in small and smaller towns the country also in each point changed into a center of spirituality and resistance .
4533- the sirs of friday imams throughout the country should know its value .
4534- this is a pulpit that there is no other like it .
4535- they should something that the attraction of the friday prayer , pulls the youths and the pure and desirous hearts to this side and this center becomes warmer day to day .
4536- the leader of the islamic continued : western analysts analyzed and correctly realized that revolution is not just destroying a stooge regime in iran and freeing this great and bountiful country from the predominance of imperialism .
4537- rather this movement will become an inspiration , shake the world of islam make nations think and this also happened .
4538- palestine and northern african countries began thinking .
4539- all over the world of islam a movement and a bustle for islamic identification started that has still continued and developed today .
4540- the minister of the islamic culture and guidance said : the victory of islamic revolution of iran and the movement toward the dominance of religious and divine culture put quran in the context of life and instructions for ruling the community .
4541- the friday report of the japanese media indicates so far " taro asoo " the general secretary of the liberal democratic party and " yasao fokuda " the former secretary and the spokesperson of the government of japan have announced their nomination for participating in the leadership election of this party .
4542- therefore it can be said that the competition for achieving the leadership position and finally sitting on the chair of japan 's prime minister is done on the basis of these two high - ranking authorities of liberal democratic party .
4543- fokuda friday among his followers has said that if the situation was normal he would not have participated in the election for the party leadership , but due to the present urgent situation he nominates himself for this post .
4544- according to irna , ayattollah " mohammadreza nasser yazdi " in the first friday prayer of the blessed month of ramadan in grand temple of imam khomeini ( ) shahr - e - kord added the blessed month of ramadan provides the required opportunity for national unity and integrity for the moslems .
4545- the friday preacher of shahr - e - kord about the crisis in iraq said : the enemies of islam in iraq intend to strike the religion of islam and if moslems are not united , they will lose iraq and the islamic countries should awake since the enemy has woken up .
4546- this province is adjacent to kermanshah from north with lorestan from east and with khoozestan from south .
4547- the study job of this plan is finished and its executive operations have been started .
4548- the chief of the iranian delegation in tajikistan independence celebration friday announced : the arrangements for the initiation of common television of iran , tajikistan and afghanistan named as farsi speakers ' television have been made and it is anticipated it broadcasts programs in next norooz .
4549- the special envoy of the president of islamic iran in the continuation of his press conference among the reporters residing in beijing said : iran has never been immune from fussiness of america and if the nuclear issue is also finished , america will find another excuse .
4550- he mentioned these words in response to the inquiry of irna reporter who asked " in your opinion if the nuclear issue of iran is finished , will the fussiness of americans finish or not ? "
4551- the ministry of internal affairs said : america is interested in dominating the region and the world and take control of the energy in middle east and the islamic republic of iran is the only power in the region that resists against the aggression of america .
4552- pourmohammadi said : since the time of victory of the islamic revolution up to now america regarding the issues iran has been always finding excuses , confrontation and sanctions and what is evident america should change its policies toward iran .
4553- the international media reported on friday from geneva that the representative of iran in the council for human rights of the united nations has condemned the government of canada for racism and conspicuous violations of rights of the natives of the country .
4554- according to this report , canada on thursday together with the countries of america , australia , new zealand voted negative to the " declaration of the native people " in the united nations and evaded from accepting the rights of the natives .
4555- in this declaration that was published in the capital of czech republic , it is mentioned : since this is an important issue and it affects the total security of the european union , the decision for deployment of this system should be made unilaterally or multilaterally .
4556- in the declaration of the social democrats it has also been asked from the european union , north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) and the council of nato - russia to intervene in this issue and the talks about the missile defense .
4557- the nationwide television of japan ( nk
4558- saturday reported : the formal authorities of japan 's government have announced that they fear the mission of the self - defense naval force of japan in the indian ocean , in the framework of anti terrorism law will be stopped for a long time .
4559- according to n
4560- according to the report of irna from " n
4561- k " , accordingly , the government of japan hopes to prepare a new bill for the continuation of fueling operation of these forces , and pass it in the parliaments of the country .
4562- according to " n
4563- k " , due to the parliamentary negotiations for investigating the new bill and the disagreement of the present parties in the consultants ' meeting , the self - defense naval force of japan at least until the time the new bill is passed to recall its fleet from the indian ocean .
4564- according to general television of japan on saturday ( n
4565- according to irna from " n
4566- now the kind and justice seeking government is trying to wipe off the negative impacts of the reformist government .
4567- the problem of people is not party and political group .
4568- people tired of these party games .
4569- their problem is unemployment and economic problems .
4570- regarding the nuclear dossier of our country write to the officials self - restrain has also a limit .
4571- the clarification of this dossier has been done to the necessary extent if western countries despite all self - restraint we have shown procrastinate should do the same thing that north korea did .
4572- ttp the joint committee of tawanir , naijac and the national gas company from iran and iravan company from armenia has been set up for planning and finalization and activation of the provisions of the contract for exporting gas to armenia .
4573- rasul salmani the chief supervisor of gas exportation at national company of gas exportation while stating this matter in an interview with isna said : it 's planned in the next session of this action committee the mechanism of consigning gas and receiving electricity will be examined and negotiated .
4574- as stated by him it was expected armenia with the cooperation of tavanir would produce cable installations and the high pressure transfer line that this section was also delayed because of financial of armenia and tavanir 's problems .
4575- with this purpose it has been predicted the first session of this action committee the suggestion of receiving electricity in accordance with the existing equipments would be presented so besides using the potentials of the current transfer line also in the future we deliver its equivalent gas to armenia .
4576- mohammad hassan nemattullahi head of the center for the coordination of the inspection affairs of the consumers and producers ' support organization in an interview with mehr news agency while making the above statements announced the successful implementation of this organization 's control plan concurrent with the month ramadan and the schools opening time .
4577- he while answering this that granting this loan has been envisaged in the housing comprehensive plan , emphasized : when a plan through granting such loans perturbs the housing market and causes a price shock , should reconsider its enforcement .
4578- saeedikia pointed out : certainly once the housing market reaches a balance can be hopeful about the grant of this loan .
4579- he added : an agreement with these three countries regarding this has been signed and it has been agreed every country would undertake the funding for the construction of this railway in the grounds of its own country .
4580- gholamhussein nozari the oil ministry acting manager in a meeting with director of switzerland 's federal energy voiced iran 's readiness for cooperation with swiss and other european countries in gas transfer project .
4581- he added : the islamic republic of iran holds much value to its cooperation with switzerland which holds neutral stances and the trend of cooperation can be further and further deepened .
4582- with regards to this , professor / " seyed moohammad ali ayazi " a wise - man of koran the seminary and university professor and member of the society of the instructors of the seminary in qom , has conducted a research on this interpretation and its characteristics .
4583- professor ayazi , counted the interpretation of / " a light of the koran " as important and good contemporary interpretations and from a textual and fluency viewpoint called this work a very pleasant and evocative interpretation .
4584- / seyed mohammad ali ayazi " added : this interpretation has been met with an immense acceptance and many copies of it have been sold .
4585- he continued : the last scan of ronnie 's leg shows improvement of his condition and i am glad because of this en>
4586- the report of sky news adds the left leg of this football coach is injured but it is said his condition is getting better .
4587- gouti while expressing his joy from the coaching of brent schuster said : he has made many changes in real and provides more freedom for the players during practices and play especially at attack time .
4588- even though real madrid in the beginning of the new season of la liga has taken up new players in the center field but it appears gouti 's place in this team is stable .
4589- the champion of la liga , in this season has a good structure and many experts believe that the reason for this matter is taking up hard working players instead of trouble making stars en>
4590- the striker of the distant years of byren of munich was by players present at bondesliga in austria as the best player present in these competitions .
4591- siclaire after this choice said : that i achieved such an honor by my colleagues is a great honor en>
4592- and during his period of youth went to bayern in munich .
4593- this that when this striker of the german national team can return to football , is still unclear en>
4594- it is said schlaudraff , before the winter holidays can wear the bayern shirt in the games .
4595- hitzfeldt regarding the return of schlaudraff said : no one knows when the exact date for his return will be , talking about this matter is very early .
4596- still in the long range of competitions he will be playing one or several games en>
4597- ghafouri fard in an interview with the political reporter of irna , considered the reason for this matter to be that the two wings have organized an orderly and intense planning for obtaining the maximum seats in the assembly .
4598- professor abolfazl msafa , a renowned expert of hafiz , after going through a long period of illness , yesterday morning in his house in tehran closed eyes upon this world en>
4599- mohsen shakerdi the director general of greater tehran social security in an interview with ettelaat by stating this matter said : this registration is inclusive of the insured and individuals his dependants en>
4600- according to mehr 's , today the ceremony of adieu for houshang naderian and introduction of mohammad kazem najafi almi the new managing director of the auditing organization was held in the presence of the minister of economic affairs and finance .
4601- child abuse as a social problem has a long record in different societies .
4602- for example the killing of boy children by the pharaoh and live burial of girls until before islam can be enumerated as clear examples of child abuse in the past societies en>
4603- </en>in the opinion of philosophers, the elucidation of minds and the advancement of peoples sensitivity towards child abuse, and awareness of children of their rights, is one of the most efficient actions which can be taken for the elimination of this problem.
4604- as it is clear in the current laws with regards to the definition of a child there are serious expressions of contradictions en>
4605- china dispensed the people 's liberation army from the axial role it had during the course of history for providing internal security en>
4606- the legislator in the twenty third article of the constitution of the islamic republic of iran , has paid attention to the principle of freedom of belief and has recognized scrutinizing believes forbidden and has acknowledged the freedom of belief as legal principles of citizens .
4607- the major characteristic of monotheist religions which have a celestial origin , especially the religion of islam is that it wants its followers to accept religion with knowledge , contemplation and deliberation and in utter independence and liberty en>
4608- therefore if we note that the crime of apostasy has been encountered severely in the domain of religion , it is because it wants to say the human sacrosanct should not become a plaything for a number of swingers .
4609- in the beginning of the acceptance of religion utmost effort and endeavor and know your sacrament through knowledge and understanding and if you accept religion scholarly and knowledgeably , do not put this humanly divine matter your plaything .
4610- according to mehr , the discover magazine writes : researches from around the world have recently made an army of robots which are working next to scientists for having a better planet .
4611- according to the report of the public relations office of amir kabir industrial university , ghandhari the executor of this plan while announcing the above news added : the biometric characteristic of the lines in the palm are one of the unique characteristics in man en>
4612- this discovery can be used for increasing the speed of the new generation computers .
4613- riny with regards to the best method for the modification of the state of a substance explained : there are different methods for creating modification in the state of a substance .
4614- for example with pressure and heat , but these procedures are very slow .
4615- in this research with the use of a high power laser the transformation of the state of the substance lasts only about quadrillion a second .
4616- in addition we managed to make this modification in state only a single tremulous level of molecule .
4617- one quadrillion of a second equals to one millionth of a billionth of a second en>
4618- in fact by inflicting a series of strokes one can change the inner chemical compounds of manganese oxide and then bring them to the original state .
4619- the research team of this physicist has already managed to modify the state of manganese oxide , but is now examining other substances which in their original state are not conductors of electrical current , but can be converted to a conductor by modification of their state .
4620- the main use of this modification of state is in the optical computers of the new generation en>
4621- according to mehr , the researcher forsat who was to accomplish this mission during the month of july , due to a six week sand storm had to postpone it .
4622- but now the authorities of nasa have announced that this researcher will be ready for the accomplishment of his mission next week .
4623- the sand storm of the month of july in mars incapacitated the solar panels of the two researches rouh and forsat .
4624- hence nasa wishing that the situation of these two twin researchers does not get worse , decided to minimize the performance of these two robots .
4625- currently the wind storms have cleaned the dirt and dust and sand on these solar panels and these two researchers are ready to resume their activities .
4626- according to the report of the nasa news base , allen stern from nasa with regards to this said : these researchers are very strong .
4627- they successfully put behind six weeks of sand storm and are still alive .
4628- according to this authority of nasa , the researcher forsat will start his mission next week at the gorge of victoria geyser and rouh will continue his investigations with regards to the formation of a layered shaped cliff .
4629- for cleaning the leather cover of a valuable old book , you must moisten a cotton cloth with milk gently rub on the cover of the book .
4630- then clean it with a dry and soft cloth .
4631- if hair your daughter 's doll becomes put some of the face cleansing lotion on a comb and gently comb the hair in batches .
4632- your doll 's hair a nice shape again .
4633- for removing the grease which has blocked the waterway in the sink , pour one cup of salted water and a cup of bicarbonate soda in the drain and a pot of hot water on it .
4634- the grease immediately dissolves and the waterway opens .
4635- harden the poured paraffin with a piece of ice and then with the tip of a sharp object take the solidified paraffin .
4636- be careful not to make a scratch on the floor covering then a little polish specific to floor covering on that area of the surface of the floor covering and then with a soft cloth clean the remaining traces en>
4637- the acclamation of parisian people of this novel phenomenon led to send representatives to different countries and to familiarize the nations of the world with this device ; however the iran of the ghajar era did not have a place in the mentioned list .
4638- cinema entered iran as a royal toy of the ghajar king and if mozzafareddin-shah 's trip to europe did not coincide with the showing of the invention of lumiere brothers , it was not clear when cinema would enter iran and what faith it would have .
4639- mozzafareddin shah saw the cinematograph and ordered its purchase so that it may be used privately .
4640- however cinema in its entrance to iran stayed behind the curtain of the sanctum en>
4641- the showing of the film in old tehran , after about one month of performance , was cancelled and akas bashi following the creation of a number financial problems was arrested and condemned exile and as a result his move was left incomplete .
4642- the first managers of the cinema in iran were non iran individuals with russian names khan ( ivanof ) , aghayof , louine and jacobsen .
4643- but after the constitutional revolution , iranians like kerwans oganians established the foundation of cinema in iran and abdolhossein sepanta made the first iranian talking film .
4644- names such as khan baba motazedi , ibrahim moradi , ismael koushan , mohsen badi , samuel khachikian and .
4645- developed from then on in the iranian cinema .
4646- at that time , the foreign films had specific titles .
4647- for example indian love films , american western films and .
4648- but iranian films did not have a specific title , until dr. houshang kavosi , the most famous cinema critic and author of the time , chose the title for the iranian cinema works and the iranian films with this title became known in the cinema circles .
4649- in this period , cinematographers gradually reached an intellectual maturity and started extensive endeavors for having a domestic cinema .
4650- during these two decades , cinematographers set foot in the field of cinema which became known in the most valid cinema societies and circles of world .
4651- the islamic culture and guidance minister said : victory of iran 's islamic revolution and the movement toward dominating divine and religious culture in country placed quran in the context of life and the instructions of society administration .
4652- the head of planning and publicity headquarter of cultural heritage hand - crafted arts and tourism islamic republic of iran said : at the moment iran is considered as one of the main destinations of tourism for tourists in all over the world .
4653- on the sidelines of holding of jata $year international tourism fair in a talk with irna correspondent friday , mohammad hossein barzin stated : the reason of this issue , is that iran possesses countless historical , cultural , artistic , spiritual and natural attractions .
4654- he while pointing to participation of iran in international tourism fair in japan , stated : presence in these fairs is a valued opportunity so that we can introduce countless tourism attractions and beauties of iran to other countries in such fairs .
4655- he added : presence in such fairs is also an opportunity for groups like hotel owners , airlines and travel agencies so that in connection with their counterparts while exchanging experience , proceed to the development of relations with other countries in tourism section .
4656- he reminded : from the other hand japanese tourists are among qualitative tourists in the world whom are considered cultural and seeking visit from historical , cultural and civilized areas and spend for visiting these works .
4657- he added : on this basis , japan 's market is very important to us and we should try every year better than last year to have a splendorous presence in these kinds of fairs especially in japan .
4658- he in relation to strategies of tourist attraction in iran explained one of the methods of attracting tourists to country is publicity , cultural and economical presence like presence in such fairs in the world .
4659- tehran , international medias from geneva on friday reported that iran 's representative to human rights council of the united nations condemned the canadian government for racism and flagrant violation of the natives ' rights of this country .
4660- seringer , governor of jammu and kashmir , has expressed hope toward pakistan 's sooner exit from current situation and reestablishment of democracy in this country and said that stabilizing stability in pakistan is in favor of regional peace .
4661- tokyo the head of planning and publicity headquarter of cultural heritage , hand - crafted arts and tourism organization of islamic republic of iran said : at the moment iran is considered as one of the main destinations of tourism for tourists in all over the world .
4662- mohammad hossein barzin on the sidelines of holding of jata $year international tourism fair friday stated : the reason of this issue is that iran possesses countless historical , cultural , artistic , spiritual and natural attractions .
4663- new york " new york times " newspaper in its editorial friday , has written that people of america hoped to observe clear statements about their statesmen 's thoughts in iraq , but what they heard were vague statements about strategy of withdrawal of forces from iraq .
4664- new york following the increase oil price and the hamerto storm 's damage to some of refineries of america , price of gas in this country took an upswing .
4665- hamberton storm which has severely influenced texas east shores has damaged two main refineries of america .
4666- k " hatoyama said : " shinzo abe " the prime minister of japan , last wednesday suddenly announced his readiness to resign from his post , but this action was done very late .
4667- they added : the reason is that the election would be without paying attention to the public opinion and the cabinet of japan and just a momentary action at the verge of general election for selecting the new members of the representative parliament of this country .
4668- experts believe this trend shows the monetary policy operating by the central bank of turkey in establishing foreign balance ( foreign exchange balance ) of this country that effective and modifications should be made in it .
4669- in general it should be said similar to other fields , a great revolution in road has also occurred in the province and considering the mountainous and hard regions of the province , the importance and the difficulty of road construction job in it is completely evident .
4670- to realize this goal some resolutions were passed in the president 's trip to the province and at present several irrigation projects by drilling deep wells such as " sarney " irrigation complex for drip and rain irrigation of plains around mehran town have reached utilization .
4671- " seyyed nasrollah fazeli " tuesday night in the meeting of the council of the board of education in markazi province in arak : the councils of the education and are rule based institutions and approved by the islamic council parliament that make decisions in this institution .
4672- his excellency " mostafa pour mohammadi " the special envoy of the president of the islamic republic of iran to beijing in a private and separate talk with reuters news agency , phoenix television network and shin howa news agency answered their questions about various issues .
4673- the minister of internal affairs added : " every government that wants to base its foreign policy on reasoning , cannot deprive itself from the relation and interaction with iran .
4674- the special envoy of the president of the islamic republic of iran regarding the nuclear activities of iran also said : " we have always had a friendly cooperation with the international atomic agency inspectors and have bounded ourselves to obey the international laws and conventions in this area .
4675- pourmohammadi while saying this issue that islamic republic of iran has achieved the technology of supplying nuclear energy , indicated : iranian experts have had a significant progress in nuclear science and they have been able to localize the technology for nuclear fuel .
4676- the minister of internal affairs in response to another question of the reuter 's reporter on the repeated threats of america to establish new sanction against iran said : " americans by using the weapon of threat and pressure are after applying their unilateral policy in the world .
4677- his excellency pourmohammadi added : people of iran have lived in sanction situations for almost three decades and in these conditions they have been able to achieve many advances in scientific , executive and infrastructural fields .
4678- he also said : although islamic republic of iran is after developing overall and logical social and political exchanges and interactions with the countries of the world there is no doubt that iran does not pay attention to the threats of the bullying governments .
4679- the minister of islamic culture and guidance said : the victory of islamic iran and the movement to rule religious and divine culture , put quran in the context of life and the instructions for ruling the community .
4680- according to islamic republic press report mohammadreza soghandi wednesday night in the commemoration ceremony of cinema day stated : if the needs of the audience are considered in accordance with the conditions and observance of the principles and values of islamic and iranian culture cinema will flourish .
4681- soghandi said : in northern khorasan province there are many people interested in the art of cinema and by initiating the local cinema and cinematic companies this art is achieving progress in the province .
4682- he also while indicating the results of the atomic energy agency board of governors ' meeting last week , called its results positive for our country and stated : the aim of elbaradei considering cancellation of the sanctions against iran shows the victory of our country in this matter .
4683- he while saying that lebanon 's god 's party and hamas are undefeatable , evaluated the denial of the violation of syria 's boundaries by the authorities of the zionist regime as the internal weakness of them against the power of the islamic world .
4684- a month that by raising the moon of the sky " sheds its light on and wonders ! human status , the human that god set the table for and became host himself .
4685- his excellency ayattolah khamenei said : the goal of americans was to create a vassal government in iraq .
4686- the government that the people of iraq have elected is far from the goals of american it stands against americans is not their vassal and submissive .
4687- leader islamic revolution said : regard weakening and surrounding the islamic republic also the situation has been reversed .
4688- by the endeavor of people of iran , divine success , by the almighty wish , this nation has ascended the ladder of growth and progress step by step .
4689- today concerning the political situation of the past four five years when americans started that goal , we are ahead .
4690- today we are higher in scientific power , we are ahead in financial resources .
4691- today our nation is ahead in spiritual alacrity and readiness .
4692- during these four five years they tried , on the contrary , nation of iran is more live aware , energetic and active in there is no issue that one can see the nation of iran show indifference where as their presence .
4693- this is the product for america " complete defeat in its goals "
4694- moreover , americans today are questioned and interpolated by islamic nation .
4695- today america is guilty in public opinion and islamic nation .
4696- i invincibly believe there comes a day that the very present president of america and the american authorities in a fair international court will be held responsible for the catastrophes they have created in iraq and will stand trial .
4697- americans brought terrorism imposed it to iraq .
4698- people have the problem of electricity , fuel , healthy water and drinking water , schools and universities are destroyed and no school has been built .
4699- these are to be answered by americans they cannot evade .
4700- now they can show indifference about these for some days .
4701- but it will not stay like this for ever they will be entangled .
4702- like many others were entangled .
4703- those powerful who were entangled are not few .
4704- one day hitler was entangled .
4705- a day saddam was entangled and one day some european chiefs .
4706- he added : some of these cooperatives because of not allocating facilities specifically from early - output small institutions and cooperative funds and introduced to cooperative funds for receiving facilities .
4707- mozafari considered the allocation of suitable facilities for investment of cooperative units with the priority in agriculture , industry , services and carpet weaving sectors by approval of a workgroup consisting of the representatives of general office of cooperation , chamber of cooperation and related unions in the province among other acts approved in the cooperation sector .
4708- this representative of the european parliament the base of which is in strasbourg city of france , in an interview with r . radio
4709- france added : sarciozi says this is me who can do everything ! he thinks that he knows everything ! this kind of attitude in europe is repulsive , because such matter is not true .
4710- he added : hereupon after the publication of the caricature , sweden embassy supervisor was called for and the severe objection of our country to this issue was announced .
4711- following the action of the ministry of foreign affairs , other islamic countries also took action toward condemning this insulting approach and the process of reactions was propounded comprehensively .
4712- husseini while referring to the fact that the ministry of foreign affairs during this time in addition to consulting with ministers who have taken part in human rights and variety of culture assembly , also asked for the insertion of the condemnation of insolence against religions in the final declaration .
4713- husseini regarding the issue that with what aim the repetition of western medias ` insulting to islamic saints are accomplished said : these actions accomplished with the goal of expansion of hatred and racism which is condemned and rejected .
4714- these attitudes have aimed religious beliefs and have intensified conflict backgrounds and cultural dispute .
4715- husseini said : so ( the publication of such caricatures ) is considered as a kind of lawbreaking and disrespect to laws and desecration toward cultural limits that are not acceptable by any free and fair person .
4716- nation wrote on friday : the presidency period of bush was so distressing that two third of american people have such a feeling toward him and more than one third of them demand his impeachment .
4717- according to the writings of this weekly magazine , also in the press this dispute has been created that whether the presidency period of bush will be titled as the worst presidency or not .
4718- at present even the press companies of washington that before were in agreement with white house also seem to be eager to write " the end " .
4719- thus , by legitimizing these actions , the minister of justice and the chief of national intelligence organization of america both of whom will be appointed by bush , are able to confirm such hearings , whereas before it , this power was in the hands of judicature body .
4720- bush 's government has also approved new laws that demand the employers to oust every worker that his social security number does not match the federal information .
4721- the minister of culture and islamic guidance said : the victory of islamic revolution of iran and the movement toward integrating religious and divine culture into the country , placed quran in the context of life and instructions of administration of the society .
4722- he regarded providing service to underclass layer of the society an undeniable necessity and a factor of strengthening the islamic system and said : the supporter of regime at the time of peace and war is the layer society and the smallest negligence in the path of serving this layer will not be compensable ' .
4723- national tv of japan ( n .
4724- on saturday reported : the japanese official authorities have announced that they feared that mission of japan 's self - defense naval force in the indian ocean an anti terrorism law would be stopped for a long time .
4725- according to n .
4726- according to irna quoting from n .
4727- on this basis japanese government hopes that for continuing the fuel supplying action of these forces to provide a new bill and approve it in the parliaments of this country .
4728- because of parliamentary discussions for investigating the new bill and the opposition of present parties in the supervisors parliament japan 's naval force of self - defense must call for its warships from the indian ocean at least until the approval of the new law .
4729- washington from the beginning of the formation of zionist regime , has considered the strategy of military superiority of this regime as one of the most important strategies of maintaining this incongruous regime and by providing remarkable military aids has tried develop and equip the military of this regime .
4730- the armament aids of america to israel , are in a manner that zionist regime has always benefited from the newest american armaments .
4731- this situation can be seen about mobile cannons , rocket launchers , guided missiles all kinds of antiaircraft , airplanes helicopters and other update armaments and facilities .
4732- indeed the trend of presenting military aids to israeli army since the year $year continuously has been affected by international variables .
4733- after that " france " until $year appeared as the principal source of supplying armaments to israel .
4734- since the year $year the " loans " turned into " aids and the beginning of the decade of eighties both parties signed the note of many agreements that was determinant of their relation framework .
4735- one of the significant points of this match was the oppositeness of " naser hejazi " and " ali dayi " as the coach and former player of bank - e - tejarat team that finally ended with the victory of the player over the coach .
4736- according to irna , excellency " seyed muhammad mirtabar " stated : iranian specialist forces have had so much progress in achievement of nuclear technology that the chief of atomic agency stands against western governments and defends the peacefulness of this knowledge in iran .
4737- in a declaration that friday was published by the fraction of this party in germany 's parliament also recent remarks of " george bush " the president of america against iraq was described far from any reality .
4738- further in this declaration it is expressed : for this reason recent remarks of the president of america were merely slogans and the last polls in that country also demonstrate that american citizens do not trust in such remarks of their authorities .
4739- " nabil shat " the special envoy of mahmood abas the head of self - governed government of palestine friday in order to strengthen international pressures against zionist regime and obtain south africa 's support of abas ' policies entered south africa and visited some of the prominent political authorities .
4740- south africa 's authorities say they are hopeful the experience of this country in peaceful transition to national reconciliation government in the year $year a . d can as a successful historical instance attract the attention of opposing parties in the occupied palestine .
4741- his great presence sign of god khamenei in the first sermon of friday prayer in tehran university said : i recommend all the dear brothers and sisters and myself to observe god 's piety that is the best product and result of this month .
4742- he further noted : prior to the beginning of month , the honorable prophet of islam prepared people for entering in this serious and exalted and blessed .
4743- if we want to define ramadan in one sentence , we should say the month of opportunities .
4744- abundant opportunities are in front of me and you .
4745- if we can utilize these opportunities properly , a great and valuable reserve will be in our hands .
4746- there are some that in this great banquet never find an opportunity to pay attention to this letter of invitation .
4747- their negligence , their sinking into the task of materiality and material world is so much that they do not understand the coming and going of ramadan
4748- these whose hands completely remains empty
4749- some understand that there is this banquet but they do not go to this banquet .
4750- those to whom the magnificent god although they do not have an excuse do not fast or quran or they remain deprived of the prayers of ramadan , they are these people .
4751- there are some who do not enter this banquet , they do not come to this banquet and their is clear .
4752- a great number of muslim people like us enter into this banquet , but our benefit of this banquet is not the same amount .
4753- some benefit the most profits of this opportunity .
4754- the mortification that is in this month is the mortification of the fast and starving may be the greatest accomplishment this divine banquet .
4755- the bounties that fasting has for human , these bounties are so numerous in spiritual respect and creating brightness in the human 's heart that it might be said the greatest bounties of this month is fasting itself .
4756- some fast .
4757- so they have entered into the banquet and have benefited from this banquet too .
4758- but in addition to fasting that is the spiritual mortification of this month these people provide their education of quran at the premier level .
4759- reciting quran with reflection .
4760- with the fasting state or the brightness state resulted from fasting , reading quran at nights and midnights , companionship with quran becoming the addressee of god has another pleasure and another meaning .
4761- they also benefit from this .
4762- in addition to these , they benefit from conversation with magnificent god and discussing with god whispering secrets and prayers speaking the secrets of their own hearts for god .
4763- it means the very prayers
4764- abi hamzeh somali 's prayers , these prayers of the days , these prayers of the nights and dawns , these are speaking to god and asking from god .
4765- these are bringing near the heart to the presence of god 's glory .
4766- they benefit from this too .
4767- so in this banquet , they benefit from all its accomplishments .
4768- prior to these probably for a higher reason is avoidance of sins .
4769- they also do not commit a sin in this month .
4770- in that very narrative of great prophet 's sermon amir al - momenin ( peace be upon him ) asks that in this month which action has most virtues .
4771- the honorable prophet says in reply " avoidance of sins " .
4772- the avoidance of sins and of god are prior to proving and affirmative actions .
4773- it is avoidance of impurity and the rust of spirit and heart .
4774- these people also avoid committing sins .
4775- so it is also fasting it is also reading quran , also praying and also avoidance of sins .
4776- this set also brings close man concerning morality and behavior to what is concerned by islam .
4777- when this set of work was done , man 's heart becomes empty of animosities and the spirit of sacrifice and devotion revives in man .
4778- the friday leader of yasouj while referring to the approaching of month ramadan and congratulating the arrival of this month , said : it is a while that america 's criminal government has placed the name of army guards of islamic revolution in the list of terrorists but it is necessary to know that revolutionary guard in the heart of iranian nation .
4779- his excellency " seyed ali asghar husseini " in the sermons of friday prayer of this city added : every country and nation has different army forces in order to defend itself but the army forces of revolutionary guard is special to the country of iran and it is an honor to iranians .
4780- husseini said : america 's criminal government everyday seeks a new excuse for enemity and striking the nation of iran and placing the name of revolutionary guard in the list of terrorists is also an excuse and a sinister plot that with the kindness of magnificent god will become neutral and it will be defeated .
4781- one of the residents of this burg said : we ask the involved authorities to put themselves in our place if early morning they see the body of a man who has horribly lost his life can they have a normal mood until the end of the day .
4782- hussein hemati while referring to the fact that some time ago his car was damaged by clashing to this obstacle , added : after this accident i have done many follow - ups for removing this obstacle that did not get anywhere .
4783- " alireza mahmoodi " who is an economic expert too , added : various activities of cooperation section can prevent the centralization of wealth in the hands of certain people and contributes to the economic prosperity and employment .
4784- the managing director of the union of the cooperatives of border - living people of triple provinces of khorasan also said : the authorities ' attention to different capabilities of cooperation sector indeed represents the attention to economic development , entrepreneurship and employment .
4785- parviz heidari added : authorities should know different capacities of cooperation sector well and by more support of this sector use its capacities for development and economic prosperity .
4786- he declared : among these the strengthening of cooperatives of border - living people leads to the permanence of their members who mainly reside in the border areas of the country and consequently greatly helps in providing the desired security in these areas .
4787- " ali khoshkhoo " in explaining the effective reasons of this issue added : the establishment of job opportunities in cooperation sector in comparison with other sectors will be established by less expenses and its circulating capital will be lower too .
4788- in the official declaration of serbia government it is stated that the majority of parliamentary parties in serbia , support the government 's decision for nonparticipation of kosovo serbs in the parliamentary elections this province .
4789- whereas serb parties in kosovo disagree about this issue .
4790- belgrade 's tv reported that all of parliamentary parties in serbia except for the liberal democratic party and social democratic , supported serbia government 's decision for kosovo serbs not attending the parliamentary election of this province .
4791- in this declaration which has been published in the capital of czech republic , it is stated : as this is an important issue and affects the security of all europe union , the decision for setting this system should be taken unilaterally and or multilaterally .
4792- in social democrats declaration it has also been asked from european union , north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) and nato russia council to interfere in this issue and negotiations related to missile defense .
4793- with approaching to the end of shaban month , muslims particularly in southern areas of the country , before the sunset stand on the highest to observe the crescent moon and are seeking answers to questions about observing ramadan moon from their scholars .
4794- special programs of the month of ramadan and religious programs of sunnites and shiites concurrent with dawn will be separately broadcasted from tv channels and the newspapers have also allocated some pages to this month .
4795- iranian residents of thailand also at the nights by attending the residency of iranian ambassador set up revival ceremonies reading quran and the prayer of joushan and hold the eid fetr prayer in the same place on the eid fetr day .
4796- other traditions of ramadan month in thailand includes quran , giving charities to the poor and feeding those who fast and the indigent and the guest are served with thailand 's traditional sweets .
4797- in this month , muslims especially buddhists that constitute the major population of thailand , by mutual understanding , turn their effort to respecting muslims and preserving the sanctity of this month .
4798- thailand is among the non - islamic countries that minority muslims without any problem can set up their religious formalities and traditions and hold their special ceremonies in the month ramadan .
4799- the minister of culture and islamic guidance said : the victory of islamic revolution of iran and the movement toward integrating religious and divine culture into the country , placed quran in the context life and instructions of administration of the society .
4800- he while noting this issue that the relation schools universities and mosques , army centers in this era has become nearer to quran : even our scientific and religious communities reconciled with quran more in the period following the revolution .
4801- according to him , at present our schools are regarded as a principal base of propagation of quarn and students university students , workers and army and disciplinary forces even our young children are proud of the companionship of quran .
4802- safar harandi regarded quran fair only a small part of great quranic activities in the country and said : this little display endeavors to approximate the relation of people with quran but it should not be imagined that this fair is a full sized quranic mirror in the country .
4803- the ministry of culture and guidance said : the victory of iran 's islamic revolution and the movement towards the rule of religious and divine culture in the country placed quran in the context of life and guidelines for managing society .
4804- the american newspaper new york times , in its friday editorial wrote that american people hoped to witness clear statements about the ideas of their statesmen in iraq , but what they heard were ambiguous statements about the way to withdraw forces from iraq .
4805- following this the news related to the murder of the leader of sunni tribes al - anbar province , who fought alongside americans and bush had called such cooperation as an evidence change in the war process was heard .
4806- the ministry of culture and guidance said : the victory of iran 's islamic revolution and the movement towards the rule of religious and divine culture in the country placed quran in the context of life and guidelines for managing the society .
4807- compared to the existence the cold reception of western countries of the new accomplishment of agency , the non - aligned movement ( nam ) in the tuesday gathering expressed its support of it and asked for " interference " in it en>
4808- his defence of the agency 's recent agreement with iran and criticism of people assemblies who launch a coordinated and measured action for destruction of this trend shows that elbaradei has been able to actuate the trend of the dossier to a realistic direction .
4809- it is noteworthy that during the two months , general parviz mosharraf pakistani president and his representatives in america , dubai and london visited and talked with the lady butoh the former prime minister and the leader of the peoples party of this country .
4810- japan 's nationwide television ( n
4811- k ) , on saturday reported : the official authorities of the japanese government have announced that they are afraid that the operation of japan maritime self - defence force in indian ocean in the form of anti - terrorism regulation will be suspended for a long time .
4812- according to the report n
4813- according to irna 's quoting n
4814- k ' , on this basis , japanese government hopes in order to continue the fuel supplying activity of these forces , to prepare a new bill and approve it in the congresses of this country .
4815- according to the report of n
4816- k , due to the parliamentary negotiations for reviewing the new bill and the opposition of the parties present in the consultative congress the self - defence maritime force of japan is obliged at least until when the new regulation is approved to recall its vessels from the indian ocean .
4817- although in the past due to anticipation of elevating bojnurd the centre of the province , the present location was set for the airport , but today with the elevation of bojnurd the centre of north khorasan the experts believe that the location of this airport should change .
4818- the limitation of bojnurd city ground due to the topographical problem , lack of security in flights , the location of airport in the torrent path and the sound pollution resulting from the taking off and landing the principal reasons of city management experts ' view on transferring the airport to outside the city space .
4819- the previous mayor of bojnurd said : the northern part of bojnurd city due to the high level of ground water and the looseness of soil is not a suitable place for construction and imposes an additional expense on the citizens .
4820- husseini pointed out " moreover due to the high level of ground water the permeability of sewage is also high and this factor has resulted in the people 's indisposition for construction in this region .
4821- he added : this is while the north western bojnurd where the airport is located does not have this problem and it is a suitable location for construction and city development .
4822- the director of advertising and planning headquarters of cultural heritage , handicrafts and tourism organization of the islamic republic of iran said : iran is now considered as one of the main tourism destinations for tourists all over the world .
4823- mohammad - hossein barzin friday in an interview with irna correspondent pointed out : the cause of this issue is that iran has countless historical , cultural , artistic , spiritual and natural attractions .
4824- he pointing to iran 's presence at the international tourism fair in japan , stated : participation at such fairs is a very welcoming opportunity so that we can introduce the numerous tourist attractions and beauties of iran in these fairs to other countries .
4825- he added : presence in these fairs is also an opportunity for groups such as hoteliers airlines and travel agencies in relation with their counterparts while exchanging experiences , to expand relations in the tourism sector with other countries .
4826- he pointed out : on the other hand japanese tourists are among back - packing tourists who are considered cultural seeking to visit historical , cultural and civilization regions and spend for visiting these sights .
4827- he added : based on this , japan 's market is very important for us and every year we must attempt to have a presence full of splendour at such fairs last year particularly in japan .
4828- he in relation to the strategies of attracting tourists in iran explained one of the ways of attracting tourists to is advertising , cultural and economic presence at these types of fairs in the world .
4829- america one day after this clear disgrace , in an action that some analysts have described escape to the front published a long list of countries in which it is claimed freedoms are violated .
4830- the name of iran is also included in this list .
4831- the ministry of culture and islamic guidance said : the victory of iran 's islamic revolution and the movement towards the rule of religious and divine culture in the country placed quran in the context of life and guidelines for managing the society .
4832- the approval of these laws encountered the intense reaction of the political parties and the scientific community country to the extent that the schools during the last academic year , were closed nearly four months as the result of continuous strikes of professors , university students and students .
4833- the prime minister of greece again pointing to having enough power for making decisions , asked greek citizens to vote for his party so he can easily conduct reforms otherwise will election .
4834- with the nearing of the month of shaban , muslims mainly in regions south of the country , before dusk stand on the highest point to view the crescent and seek replies regarding the sighting of ramadan month from their scholars .
4835- the special programs of the month of ramadan and the specific religious programs of sunni and shiite concurrently with dawn , are separately broadcasted from television channels and the newspapers also devoted some pages to this month .
4836- iranians resident in thailand too at ghadr nights while attending in the residence of iran 's ambassador after reciting quran and the ceremony of joshan prayer , conduct ahya and say eid fetr prayer at the same place too .
4837- some sunni followers also the night of twenty - seventh of the month ramadan as ghadr night and according to the long held tradition , recite the whole of holy quran at this night .
4838- other traditions of ramadan month in thailand include quran , offering donations to the needy and feeding people fasting and the poor and in these days guests with traditional thai sweets .
4839- in this month , non - muslims particularly buddhists who constitute the majority of thailand 's population , with a mutual understanding , try to respect muslims and honour this precious month .
4840- thailand is of the non - islamic countries where its muslim minority can without any problem conduct their rites and rituals and in the month ramadan hold their special ceremonies .
4841- he added : seeking independence while being inspired by the perseverance of iranian people , has now influenced the world and the world based on the justice - seeking ideals of the nation of iran has started a new movement for confronting tyrannical powers .
4842- according to saturday 's japan 's nationwide television ( n
4843- according to irna report quoting n
4844- k , hatoyama said : " shinzo abe the prime minister of japan last wednesday suddenly announced his preparedness for withdrawal , but this action was conducted very late .
4845- they added : the reason is that this choice regardless of public opinion and the japanese cabinet and it will only be a transient measure on the verge of public election for selecting the new members of the house of representatives of this country .
4846- he stated : eight scientific poles country are settled in pardis agriculture and natural resources karaj and this matter well represents important access to fast information in this scientific educational complex .
4847- experts in international relations in ankara regard the selection of cyprus as the first foreign trip of gul as a message from ankara to the world about the importance of this island for turkey and another confirmation of turkey 's decisive support of the turkish republic of northern cyprus .
4848- the turkish part of cyprus with the exception of turkey , has until now not been officially recognize any other country .
4849- abdollah gul has announced that in his foreign trips to develop the economic and business relations of turkey and he will always take a group of representatives from the private sector with him .
4850- he referring to the recent remarks of the supreme leader and his emphasis on the practical method of implementing quran in life said : muslims should try particularly in the month ramadan to implement the orders of this humanizing book more and more in their life .
4851- according to irna 's report from the city of doshanbeh , during the council meeting of the central asian electricity power network the plan was to finalize the issue of transferring electricity turkmenistan through uzbekistan to tajikistan that with uzbekistan 's opposition , this meeting about tajikistan ended without result .
4852- as stated by tajik electricity company , the representative of uzbekistan also said that turkmenistan before the commencement of transferring this amount of electricity , should repair the demolished high voltage network on the border with uzbekistan and also guarantee its safety .
4853- sharif khan sameyof the director of tajikistan electricity company who last week had signed with turkmen officials a document about the transfer of one billion kilowatt electricity , regarded the request of representative of uzbekistan having political motives .
4854- the minister of culture and islamic guidance said : the victory of iran 's islamic revolution and the movement towards the rule of religious and divine culture in the country placed quran in the context of life and guidelines for managing the society .
4855- the director of advertising and planning headquarter of the cultural heritage , handicrafts and tourism organization of the islamic republic of iran said : iran is now considered one of the main tourism destinations for tourists all over the world .
4856- mohammad hossein barzin friday on the sidelines of the international tourism fair jata $year in a talk with irna correspondent pointed out : the reason for this issue is that iran has numerous historical , cultural , artistic , spiritual and natural attractions .
4857- he in pointing to iran 's presence at the japan international tourism fair , stated : presence at such fairs is a very welcoming opportunity so that we can introduce the numerous tourist attractions and beauties of iran to other countries .
4858- he added : presence in these fairs is also an opportunity for groups such as hoteliers airlines and travel agencies to in relation with their counterparts while exchanging experiences , expand relations in the tourism sector with other countries .
4859- he pointed out : on the other hand japanese tourists are back - packing tourists that are considered cultural seeking to visit historical , cultural and civilization regions and spend for visiting these sights .
4860- he added : accordingly , japan 's market is very important for us and every year must to have presence at such fairs last year particularly in japan .
4861- the newspaper of blits , published in belgrade writes in its today issue that more than one hundred and twenty thousand people in serbia are afflicted with cancerous diseases and annually at least thirty thousand new cases of cancerous tumours are reported among the citizens of this country .
4862- this university professor told belits : " breast cancer could be cured diagnosed on time but our women are not aware of this matter .
4863- about half of the sport centres built or being built ilam province are national sport centres and suitable for holding national matches and half of them are only used for holding athletic activities at the provincial level .
4864- is transported through this terminal and a considerable part of the fuel needed by iraq is transited by fuel tank trucks from commonwealth countries and through iran 's ground and it is delivered to iraq at mehran terminal .
4865- he added : some of these cooperative due to the lack of designating proprietary amenities from the account of small quick - profit institutions and the cooperative fund were introduced for receiving amenities to the cooperative fund .
4866- mozaffari regarded allocating appropriate amenities for the investment of cooperative units particularly in agriculture , industry , services and carpet weaving with the work approval of a group consisting of representatives of the main office of cooperatives , cooperative room and related unions in the province as other enactments of the cooperative sector .
4867- the director of the international atomic energy agency also said that the agency needs more time to determine the extent and nature of some special aspects in iran 's nuclear activities and this is an issue that led to a series of measures in the security council .
4868- this club started its sports activities in the fields of football , volleyball , basketball , wrestling , weight lifting , table tennis and swimming .
4869- zobe ahan cultural - sports club of isphahan from establishment date up to now in addition to wining numerous championship titles has presented prominent faces to iranian national teams and they wearing the iran 's national team 's shirts have also succeeded in wining important titles for beloved iran .
4870- the complex 's grass field is equipped with lighting system and can be used at night .
4871- if this skin reaction becomes infectious its color inclines towards bright red and the skin may swell .
4872- the red rashes or spots may also spread to parts of the skin which are not in contact with the baby 's nappy .
4873- over - tightening the nappy and or changing it late can cause this problem .
4874- moreover the soap used for washing the cloth nappy and or kinds of materials used for making cloth nappy can cause these irritations .
4875- the plastic pants which are worn on the cloth nappy , can increase the temperature and humidity in the process .
4876- change the baby 's nappy or nappy regularly and allow the baby to be without cloth nappy and nappy so his / her skin breathes .
4877- during short sleeps and naps , the baby without cloth nappy and nappy on an open cloth nappy .
4878- he added : in this regard after the publication of the drawings , the person in charge of the swedish embassy in tehran was summoned and the severe protest of our country to this matter was announced .
4879- following the measure of the ministry of foreign affairs , other islamic countries also acted to condemn this blasphemous issue and the process of reactions extended .
4880- husseini mentioning that during this time the foreign ministry in addition to consulting with the ministers attending the human rights and cultural diversity meeting , has also demanded the insertion of condemnation of offence to religions concluded his speech .
4881- hossein in response to what the western media aims to achieve the sacred islamic values said : such activities aim to propagate hatred and spread racism which is condemned and despicable .
4882- these approaches have aimed at religious beliefs and intensified the bases of cultural disagreement and dispute .
4883- hosseini said : therefore ( the publication of such drawings ) is considered a kind of violation of the law and disrespect to the laws and the sanctity of cultural sanctums that will not be acceptable any free and just person .
4884- he called inefficiency of the imperialist project of diminishing and defeating the islamic revolution against the perseverance based on the virtue of the iranian nation , a new subject in physiological and sociological studies and recommended the erudite of political and social science reflect on and analyze this exemplary reality .
4885- supervisor for security of the international fuel is one the proposed suggestions for solving the nuclear disputes .
4886- in this approach iran together with other countries seeking a peaceful use of the nuclear energy can access an international bank of nuclear fuel .
4887- to address this worry of iran , it was also proposed to establish a consortium with iran 's participation to conduct the enrichment process and produce the fuel required by the nuclear plants so that the purposes and worries of iran will be address .
4888- the second phase is to conduct research enrichment with low enrichment level and under the agency 's supervision and the third stage is to permit iran to conduct industrial enrichment under the supervision of the agency and the international multilateral co - ownership .
4889- meanwhile russia proposed that a consortium consisting of iran and russia conduct enrichment on russia 's soil and moscow actually manage the provision of nuclear fuel required by iran .
4890- on the other hand some suggestions were also taken into consideration including that iran enrich uranium on its soil and under the supervision of the agency , but on the condition that it keeps the number of its centrifuges in a low quantity and limited numbers .
4891- farhad sharifi had the play of the unfinished story of that fortunate woman on stage a one - personage theatre in which faride sepah mansour played .
4892- this play was also shown in belarus .
4893- about this play sharifi says : " as i acted in the play of salvation at the far night i liked the plays of this writer and read this script and where needed the rewriting was done .
4894- he says : " at first one person was supposed to play the script then we decided to increase the number of the actors .
4895- any way we felt this play has a certain drama .
4896- and includes good and stronger dialogues
4897- he regarding the characteristic of this certain drama in the play ballet with broken fingers says : " as a mother who has endured cruelty and thinks if keeps the circle of her daughters ' relations closed , they will not be subject to cruelty and "
4898- sharife in directing ballet with broken fingers has been faithful to the script and has implemented the analysis of actors from the scrip and the framework which they have reached during rehearsal .
4899- she has seen types and kinds of people so it was necessary to be like this and act in the manners we remember about these roles saba is different from sanam her characteristics are completely different from saba .
4900- for this reason microsoft employed a full - time group for identifying the present problems and improving the security of the lock and it was expected the new lock would be unbreakable for some time but with the emersion of the new copy of software microsoft authorities have started their quest again .
4901- they in the first step have made a complaint against the writers of this software who are unknown .
4902- these operations which are unlikely result for them can only satisfy the microsoft authorities for a while .
4903- moreover they have started their activity for finding a way to avoid the theft of the files again .
4904- the users are the main asset of the digital city of hamshahri on - line .
4905- the online desk was opened from the first day of the site 's work for better and more communication with you and from the same first day we tried mirror the cooperation of this section .
4906- george bush the president of america in his statements mentioned once again that maintaining security in war - driven iraq requires the continued presence of a large number of american troops in this country .
4907- persian gulf the sunni province of al - anbar in the west of iraq was for a long time a nightmare for the american commandment in this country , but since the beginning of $year as a result of washington 's strategy for involving local tribes in fighting with the al - qaeda group it changed into a model .
4908- according to the report of stock information base in this announcement it has been emphasized the institute for privatization has decided to start block trading instead of gradual of shares so with the sale of shares to strategic investors the basis for the privatization of companies ' management is provided .
4909- in the light of this the block trading could be called the second step of privatization .
4910- in the rest of this announcement it is emphasized the base price of block trading will be determined on the basis of stock market price .
4911- when the floating shares are not enough , the price could be affected by temporary pressures of demand and supply .
4912- despite this it is essential the expert mother companies should require the companies liable for transfer to provide the market with transparent , accurate and on - time information and play a more effective role in introducing the company and identifying the investors .
4913- it seems the transparency , accuracy and the timeliness of information have been ignored .
4914- the advisor to tehran governor in women affairs said : according to the regulation of the social council of the country the show of the iranian women clothing called the show of the women of my country will be continuously held each year .
4915- during this visit pour - mohammadi regarded the relation between the two ancient civilizations and the two friend countries widespread and deep and emphasized on the need for more counsel the two countries to learn about the issues , mutual and regional and international developments .
4916- he said : iran taking assured steps has created new conditions that other countries considering these new realms can adjust their relations with tehran .
4917- according to this report , during this visit yang jiechi china 's foreign minister also acknowledged the growing beijing - tehran relations and expressed his satisfaction about the attitude of expanding mutual cooperation .
4918- regarding iran 's nuclear issues he said : china 's position has always been solving iran 's nuclear issues in a peaceful way and during a long course and with the tools of negotiation and diplomacy .
4919- chinese foreign minister regarded negotiation the best method of solving the issue in his country 's view and emphasized on the patience of the parties involved in solving iran 's nuclear issue .
4920- in an interview with phoenix tv channel the state minister while mentioning that american policies have resulted in everyday increase of the hatred of nations the officials of this country said : america has so far acted according to the jungle law and has almost had no successful result .
4921- iran the name of mahmud kaveh is associated with great and enemy breaking epics .
4922- from the quotations of the great leader in praising this martyred commander is that : " he was really self - construction , "
4923- the islamic council of tehran city in its thirty - second public meeting voted with urgency to the scheme of requiring the tehran council to observe the cultural , social and historical factors while reconstructing qasr prison .
4924- government the president announced : in iran 's view , the nuclear issue as a political issue is over and two or three countries that do not want to accept the reality of iran going nuclear will finally accept this reality .
4925- the head of tehran urban council said : all the attempt of the tehran council is directed towards the completion of the improvement project of azadi square by the end of dey month and according to the planned schedule .
4926- george bush the president of america in his statements mentioned once again that maintaining the security in war - driven iraq requires the continued presence of a large number of american troops in this country .
4927- when we were small each time we wanted to draw the picture of a house , we drew a big square with a triangle that a house with a chimney from which smoke came out .
4928- as it is clear this great commander of american forces in iraq who is praised for his expert views by all sides , cannot fulfill the expectation that his fame requires .
4929- even one should not talk about an approximate plan .
4930- when petraeus referred to this point that by the summer of next year the new forces may be able to leave iraq , it seemed that he has declined his role of a devoted general to the president .
4931- but exactly this interpretation does not surely describe him properly .
4932- it was naturally easier for him to be able to tell iraqis or the critics inside america : four years ago we occupied iraq military with clear goals and now that we have achieved these goals we can think about leaving .
4933- the idiotic point of this incident is that the reality is completely something else : this military occupation clear goal from the beginning if saddam 's fall .
4934- even the most stubborn political extremists in washington can not be proud of the four year log after this occupation : iraq now in a worse condition than the era of the dictator saddam .
4935- the proper method to go on a diet and lose weight is to do so gradually over a period of time and the diet balanced sufficient quantities of healthy food .
4936- it is early morning in new york now and the city is just about to wake up while you want to go to bed .
4937- the sunlight is shining the window of your hotel room in beijing you are thinking however it must be midnight and feel extremely sleepy .
4938- you have been on a vacation one week but you feel tired and weak much more than when you arrived the airport of destination .
4939- body needs one day for recovering and adjusting to the new conditions against passing each time zone .
4940- professor jim horne director of the sleep research center at the loughborough university and the author of several books on sleeping disorders says : " while passing a time zone you notice that your body clock has not adjusted to the new temporal conditions .
4941- this adjustment requires several days .
4942- if you travel eastward you require more time for the adjustment because your body clock will have a more difficult task to adjust to shorter days .
4943- professor dreck yan dike , director of the sory division of sleep research says : " if you travel westward you will notice that staying awake is difficult but waking up is easy .
4944- meanwhile if you travel eastward naturally everything becomes up - side - down .
4945- but the flight fatigue more often renders you ill - tempered .
4946- these problems can cause concentration curtailment , headache , anxiety and falloff in the action speed , fatigue and affect body 's other biological performances .
4947- therefore the many treatments available in the market for flight fatigue are not so difficult to understand .
4948- at the first stage sleeping pills is not recommended .
4949- although these medications can help you sleep your body clock wouldn't naturally let sleep .
4950- hence if you have to wake up before the pills ' effect ends ( a usual case in flights ) you will become dizzy and nervous .
4951- meanwhile there is this concern that if you keep motionless for a long time you will be subject to the danger of intravenous deep thrombosis .
4952- one of the current treatments of flight fatigue is melatonin pills which primarily cause an acceleration and adjustment of the body clock .
4953- melatonin is a hormone which is naturally produced in the brain 's pineal gland .
4954- this hormone helps adjust the body clock .
4955- in great britain this drug is only sold on a physician 's prescription , but in the us it is purchasable without a prescription , although it has not been approved by america 's food and drug administration .
4956- what the enemy couldn't understand during the eight - year sacred defense and what led us to conquer khorramshahr was the resistance culture and the martyrdom - seeking spirit of our revolutionary children .
4957- to study the khorramshahr conquest we must pay special attention to the first stage of the imposed war and after banisadr 's removal .
4958- in an era when due to the special political conditions we didn't enjoy the possibility of using all our possessions and in the circumstances where banisadr opposed the presence of the corps and the forces of the people in the battlefields .
4959- but in that juncture we see upon banisadr 's removal and the establishment of a spiritual atmosphere in the country , enthusiasm was created among people to go to the battlefronts confront the enemy .
4960- on the other hand saddam 's wrong understandings of the location and existing situation in iran had resulted that the iraqi dictator think that he would be able to occupy khuzestan within six days so as to pave his way towards tehran .
4961- the people 's resistance provided the military with an opportunity to dispatch its forces from various parts of the country to the battlefront and prevent the fall of abadan and other sensitive parts of the operation areas .
4962- encouraged us and support the east and the west as well as some countries in the region saddam to transgress to iran everybody thought that before long the iraqi dictator 's dream would be realized .
4963- the blessed month of ramadan is blessed probably because it is a month when patron the great i.e. the prophet has united god and after the union , has sent down the angels and koran .
4964- by his power the angels are sent down it is by the power of patron the great that the koran is sent down and angels are sent down .
4965- calling the american and british propaganda of iran 's interference in iraq baseless the president asserted : london and washington are convicted of aggression against the iraqi nation and if they want to put the blame their failures in iraq on others they will be defeated once more .
4966- referring to the very good relationships of iran with all iraqi groups and levels of society such as kurds , sunnis and shiites the president said : the difficulty america and britain in iraq is lack of a good relationship with the iraqi groups , because they are uninvited guests .
4967- mentioning that the islamic republic of iran is always ready to help solve the difficulties in iraq , dr. ahmadinejad stressed : in case of a request by iraq iran is ready to negotiate with the us over the problems of this country .
4968- further on stating that the islamic republic of iran considers the zionist regime an occupier and illegitimate , dr. ahmadinejad asserted we the zionist regime a humane solution and that is holding a general referendum for all palestinians .
4969- stating that the islamic republic has attained the cycle of nuclear technology , the president said : we have no difficulty with the agency and many countries have accepted this fact .
4970- the syrian president in separate meetings with the delegation of the european parliament and the russian president 's special envoy to damascus discussed the latest developments in the region and expansion of bilateral relations with them .
4971- process of political reforms in syrian baath party battery " said : these reforms should change damascus into a country with a new democracy .
4972- a meeting with bashar assad alexander soltaov convoy the russian president too said : in this meeting the two sides emphasized on the necessity of holding election within the specified legitimate date ( third mehr ) .
4973- according to a report by the al - arabia tv network , the pakistani army informed about an explosion in a building belonging to the army near islamabad .
4974- hospital resources informed about the probability of an increase in because the condition of many of the wounded is critical .
4975- in kerachi too opening fire on a bus armed men killed six .
4976- the incident some wounded too .
4977- zubkov whose last responsibility for three years federal financial in a speech declared the defense sector development as his working priority
4978- answering the reporters ' question he did not refuse the probability of his candidacy in the presidential election .
4979- some of the analysts believe , by " zebkov " putin intends to continue his influence in the political arena and pave the way for his own re - election as the president .
4980- some others also believe , " sergei ivanov " is putin 's choice as his successor .
4981- " putin 's presidential term will end by late this year and the elections will take place in isfand .
4982- according to news which has not been confirmed by the officials yet , admiral " vladimir masoorin taking part in a festivity in washington received an order of merit while this action required the permission of the defense minister .
4983- the american democrats called the " petraeus crocker report on iraq in line with the white house 's warmongering strategy and adopted a position against " george bush 's opposition to an immediate and complete pull - out of the american forces from iraq .
4984- instead of discussing and proposing a complete pull - out of the american forces from iraq , petraeus and crocker posed the issue of gradual pull out and said nothing about the precarious position of the americans in iraq and their daily death toll .
4985- based on their report , a number of american forces can be pulled out of iraq by the end of $year ( the tenth of the current year ) and the number of forces present in iraq to the level prior to the troops ' surge .
4986- bush too last thursday in a televised speech based on the same framework of petraeus - crocker report opposed complete and immediate pull - out of the american forces from iraq and declared the american forces will stay in iraq until progress in that country .
4987- the american president claimed : the iraqi government has failed in the realization of national reconciliation and ensuring security in iraq .
4988- according to bush the more the us accomplishes in iraq the more american forces will leave iraq .
4989- immediately after his address barak obama , the democrat representative , declared that he should take a new path and not repeat his last five years mistakes .
4990- senator harry reid , senate majority leader of democrats also promised that the democrats will change the american mission in iraq .
4991- reid said that bush has failed to convince ( the americans ) to continue the war .
4992- the new york times also informed on the differences of opinions between many of the american army officers and bush over iraq .
4993- these officers are asking for a quick retreat .
4994- john edwards the american democrat senator too criticized bush severely and said : if no date is determined for pull - out of the forces the budget too will be out of question .
4995- we must put an end to this war .
4996- washington post referred to the report of petraeus - crocker as the bush administration 's new justifications for carrying on the war in iraq .
4997- the islamic republic news agency reported on the basis of the latest opinion poll carried out by associated press news agency and the institute of ipsoss , only one third of the american people approve bush .
4998- isna news agency reported from inside iraq nouri maliki , the prime minister considered the petraeus - crocker report realistic and unbiased .
4999- however the sadr 's movement adopted a position against it and declared , no specific time - table for the pull - out of the forces has been declared therein .
5000- the arab analysts too described the content of the report paving the way for a long term presence in iraq .
26400
NP -> hojjat al 
NP -> the inner chemical compounds 
NP -> ramadan and moharam alharam 
NP -> one group 
NP -> people of discussion 
NP -> mahdi 
NP -> the most chaotic american societies 
NP -> an enduring abstinent 
NP -> central governorship 
NP -> language and literature 
NP -> the beginning and reference 
NP -> a problem 
NP -> a sheep 
NP -> iran and armenia 
NP -> its best example 
NP -> a job 
NP -> the winner of noble peace prize 
NP -> year beijing 
NP -> asymmetric war 
NP -> bank directors 
NP -> assistance 
NP -> birjand 
NP -> the islamic revolution guardian corps 
NP -> a statement 
NP -> education office 
NP -> society different phases of crisis management 
NP -> one credit 
NP -> the former national security advisor 
NP -> jordan 
NP -> the intervention 
NP -> their threats 
NP -> the zionist regime and its allies 
NP -> the fall conference between israel 
NP -> these elements 
NP -> free financial activities and commercial exchanges 
NP -> humans as isteaza 
NP -> the fourth switches of ashtijeh 
NP -> a hundred percent readiness 
NP -> the sanctity 
NP -> the existence of country 
NP -> a front against al - qaeda 
NP -> smuggling gangs of cocaine and car 
NP -> both movements 
NP -> any kind of force against iran 
NP -> china and jiang zemin 
NP -> traditional thai cookies 
NP -> the body and soul 
NP -> the regional authorities 
NP -> mobile and dynamic terrorism 
NP -> any condition 
NP -> the other hand jerusalem 
NP -> economic levers 
NP -> foreign supervisors 
NP -> neighbors ' 
NP -> american house 
NP -> solutions 
NP -> themselves 
NP -> the above mentioned 
NP -> iran in the year 
NP -> tokyo 
NP -> kinds 
NP -> risk 
NP -> information of this base 
NP -> the importance of this organization 
NP -> military operations in iraq 
NP -> keshavarz card 
NP -> steel and cement 
NP -> observation 
NP -> the metro 
NP -> manuscripts 
NP -> the subject of making goal 
NP -> iraq and their daily death toll 
NP -> prior to this ghavami 
NP -> the settlement 
NP -> dayreh esmaeil khan 
NP -> the american foreign minister 
NP -> insufficiency 
NP -> the religious dignitaries 
NP -> the anonymity mask 
NP -> the cities 
NP -> iran embassy in harrareh 
NP -> ukraine and european union 
NP -> injury of his friend and playmate 
NP -> clinical sciences 
NP -> another situation 
NP -> much progress 
NP -> the diplomatic european consensus 
NP -> the city of nablus basel abusarieh 
NP -> missions and authority 
NP -> organizations of execution 
NP -> an imports license 
NP -> intelligence 
NP -> northern and north eastern tehran 
NP -> an exit way 
NP -> the expert view 
NP -> this museum 
NP -> the cottage 
NP -> good quality and healthy pistachio 
NP -> important and good contemporary interpretations 
NP -> irna reporter from paris 
NP -> the picture 
NP -> cases 
NP -> the clergies ' gathering 
NP -> the very good relationships of iran 
NP -> tremendous progress in the industry 
NP -> a duration close to two years 
NP -> daily life 
NP -> his prediction 
NP -> nk 
NP -> sport club 
NP -> a monitor and hands 
NP -> the west of sudan and present 
NP -> the east countries 
NP -> parties 
NP -> universities and mosques 
NP -> related unions 
NP -> he '' 
NP -> javier solana 
NP -> negotiation and diplomacy 
NP -> these discussions 
NP -> one thousand years 
NP -> the imposition of that document 
NP -> this worry 
NP -> the tablet 
NP -> commander ahmadi moghaddam 
NP -> israeli standpoints 
NP -> his conversations 
NP -> the new enactment 
NP -> the conference of governments 
NP -> radiation 
NP -> the other people 
NP -> a definition 
NP -> no possibility 
NP -> gates which fashion recently 
NP -> an interview with fars press 
NP -> the long range of competitions 
NP -> p. 
NP -> the previous day ' s attack 
NP -> ears every day 
NP -> a general referendum 
NP -> many of the passengers 
NP -> his conversation 
NP -> similar mashhadis 
NP -> military period 
NP -> martha cottam 
NP -> this same reason 
NP -> the periodical head 
NP -> the bayern shirt 
NP -> the dirt and dust and sand 
NP -> domestic movements 
NP -> the echoes 
NP -> housing and urbanization 
NP -> the acknowledgement 
NP -> the nuclear dossier 
NP -> the work you are doing today 
NP -> a conference 
NP -> no 
NP -> weariness 
NP -> the necessary conditions 
NP -> faith 
NP -> these going and coming 
NP -> judgment 
NP -> the great authority 
NP -> competent today 
NP -> the dari languages 
NP -> bouris yaltsin 
NP -> sea borders 
NP -> some special aspects 
NP -> people and authorities 
NP -> the main object 
NP -> the topic of the panther 
NP -> the multitude of human force 
NP -> environment 
NP -> iran islamic revolution 
NP -> tehran ' s meeting 
NP -> another common aspect of these societies 
NP -> the scientists 
NP -> the topic of human science 
NP -> exploration and extraction of oil 
NP -> the experience 
NP -> the service sector 
NP -> the bank to employ his beloved 
NP -> all of this grandiose plan 
NP -> the high presence 
NP -> the achievement and success 
NP -> the cold reception 
NP -> any addiction 
NP -> a zionist philosopher 
NP -> tabrez chamber of trade 
NP -> the men 
NP -> the most damage 
NP -> no information 
NP -> ancient holy 
NP -> this country ' s minister 
NP -> iran checks of five million rials 
NP -> a hello and greeting 
NP -> problem generating situations 
NP -> the palestinian territories and the problems 
NP -> head 
NP -> saud alfeisal 
NP -> the atomic excuse 
NP -> east america 's 
NP -> the then minister 
NP -> the end of time 
NP -> the exhibition 
NP -> scientific capability this inevitable fact 
NP -> symptomatology guide 
NP -> no shortage 
NP -> a cage for him 
NP -> the organization company or the institute 
NP -> associated press 
NP -> several rounds 
NP -> a severe opposition 
NP -> the last phase 
NP -> the poor 
NP -> objects 
NP -> sided sanctions 
NP -> the mold 
NP -> dictatorial regime 
NP -> military form 
NP -> atomic bomb 
NP -> this another economic expert 
NP -> mr. putin 
NP -> the late akhound 
NP -> banking 
NP -> another pleasure 
NP -> the merging of automobile manufacturers 
NP -> jiroft 
NP -> preservation 
NP -> this choice 
NP -> fingers 
NP -> the middle east region 
NP -> the working system 
NP -> iraq many 
NP -> the elevation 
NP -> last week in a surprise visit 
NP -> the reformist government 
NP -> more than all 
NP -> the acceptance of larijani 's resignation 
NP -> technical man 
NP -> putin 's choice 
NP -> the thought of god 
NP -> the cultivation 
NP -> a number of sepulchers 
NP -> effective and modifications 
NP -> the disciplinary authorities 
NP -> a mother 
NP -> eminent ayatollah khamenei 
NP -> iran aluminum company 
NP -> a specific superiority 
NP -> these frailties 
NP -> amir and his friend 
NP -> their remark 
NP -> the degree 
NP -> madam 
NP -> the late head 
NP -> the program 
NP -> france agency 
NP -> tv and radio congresses 
NP -> a clear deviation 
NP -> the recent centuries 
NP -> the province of sistan and bluchestan 
NP -> the current price 
NP -> the effective reasons 
NP -> liquid gas 
NP -> supply stations 
NP -> this great art 
NP -> employment in this organization 
NP -> traders 
NP -> alliance arena 
NP -> any efforts 
NP -> the perjury of clinton 
NP -> bangkok ' s policies 
NP -> the health headquarter team 
NP -> the accessing 
NP -> this event , threats 
NP -> a sword 
NP -> iran with perseverance and resistance 
NP -> one specialized aids 
NP -> rest of the countries 
NP -> a real sense 
NP -> accent 
NP -> opportunities for jobs and income production 
NP -> charge 
NP -> hope 
NP -> the conservation of environment organization 
NP -> a big project 
NP -> the importance of waiting 
NP -> capabilities and privileges 
NP -> the ties between iran 
NP -> the order governments 
NP -> the related account 
NP -> nuclear technology 
NP -> the margin 
NP -> another iraq 
NP -> the united states of america 
NP -> the head coach of iran ' 
NP -> architectural design 
NP -> fars press 
NP -> mehdi ghazanfari 
NP -> standardization 
NP -> the sit 
NP -> the president of russia today 
NP -> valuable experiences in operations 
NP -> islamic iran president 
NP -> more goals 
NP -> iran people 
NP -> coins in this city 
NP -> respect to this issue 
NP -> the insertion of condemnation of offence 
NP -> rise and fall 
NP -> the supervision of various governmental organizations 
NP -> la liga 
NP -> situations 
NP -> the health institute of esfahan 
NP -> their very high motiovation for victory 
NP -> inspectors 
NP -> the injection 
NP -> the north and i 
NP -> world 's 
NP -> the economic field 
NP -> arabic and international framework 
NP -> the iraqi dictator 's 
NP -> the simplicity of the western films 
NP -> the refusal 
NP -> complex 
NP -> correct understanding 
NP -> license 
NP -> the thai democratic party 
NP -> the zionist regime 
NP -> the events 
NP -> trout 
NP -> deterioration of its building 
NP -> the eradication of islamic values 
NP -> the parliament and cabinet 
NP -> their positions 
NP -> the existence of its army 
NP -> more development and welfare 
NP -> youths 
NP -> the guesthouse of the complex 
NP -> this software who are unknown 
NP -> the border of the shiny wall 
NP -> himself and his deeds 
NP -> reduction of traffic accidents 
NP -> the prisons of the enemy 
NP -> china and india 
NP -> the adherent of america 
NP -> this union in luxemburg 
NP -> cnn 
NP -> its attention 
NP -> tehran and suburbs 
NP -> a long record in different societies 
NP -> the officials self 
NP -> the disease 
NP -> the lebanese nation 
NP -> the whole nature 
NP -> gas opec and the good negotiations 
NP -> the fussiness 
NP -> an owner 
NP -> much chance 
NP -> textbooks representative 
NP -> the american military personnel and agents 
NP -> committed robbery 
NP -> governors ' 
NP -> basketball team to the olympics 
NP -> the establishing of an organization 
NP -> these speeches of george bush 
NP -> dollar ' s value 
NP -> realization of their demands 
NP -> the way plan 
NP -> the price of wheat 
NP -> their members 
NP -> many efforts of the embassies 
NP -> the victory of islamic of iran 
NP -> arabic solidarity and the effort 
NP -> the surrounding conditions 
NP -> the united nations peace 
NP -> athletes and coaches among asian countries 
NP -> real point of view housing situation 
NP -> times 
NP -> the backward east 
NP -> the thing 
NP -> mankind 
NP -> this operation 
NP -> novel and history 
NP -> the facade 
NP -> a hundred times 
NP -> sunday 
NP -> the political structure of pakistan 
NP -> their enmity 
NP -> the previous years 
NP -> the islamic community 
NP -> the ruling group with america 
NP -> philippines 
NP -> the following report 
NP -> a different filmmaker 
NP -> pennilessness 
NP -> the country ' s savior 
NP -> the sisters 
NP -> this country because of fear 
NP -> putin russia 's 
NP -> a friendly manner 
NP -> the anti social security concepts 
NP -> fundamental sciences 
NP -> the very beginning of work 
NP -> the accessibility 
NP -> negotiation is 
NP -> local and tribal differences 
NP -> a rail fleet 
NP -> george bush for ratification 
NP -> no decision 
NP -> the research program '' lacatush 
NP -> logical change in the price 
NP -> phoenix television network 
NP -> realism 
NP -> their relations 
NP -> a part of popular leaders 
NP -> the admirable characteristics 
NP -> the ladder 
NP -> the victor of the presidential elections 
NP -> two leaders 
NP -> scenario 
NP -> the present figure 
NP -> wall hangings 
NP -> the background for more cooperation 
NP -> foreign countries 
NP -> pakistan ' s interior instabilities 
NP -> the higher administrative council 
NP -> mousavi tabrizi 
NP -> the ramadan month 
NP -> a right 
NP -> their quest 
NP -> his visions 
NP -> masoud 
NP -> few hundred million dollars 
NP -> accordance with today 's conditions 
NP -> exit 
NP -> arab countries ' policies 
NP -> the third volleyball players 
NP -> the population of the word 
NP -> their practice 
NP -> the iranian nuclear dossier 
NP -> ameh va tanzih 
NP -> hunting robots 
NP -> the secretaries of the governmental organizations 
NP -> fluent and eloquent translation 
NP -> bomb explosion 
NP -> this american 
NP -> early last week 
NP -> mrs esfandiari 
NP -> various oil and gas projects 
NP -> the blessed month 
NP -> insertion of the accusation of insulting 
NP -> an observatory 
NP -> the champion 
NP -> desirable economic decision makings 
NP -> comprehensive schedules 
NP -> mobarakeh steel 
NP -> sports club of isphahan 
NP -> the number 
NP -> beliefs at present time and they 
NP -> the prophets ' 
NP -> regards to israeli relations 
NP -> tongue or a mere oral utterance 
NP -> offering share 
NP -> iran 's presence 
NP -> the regime ruling the world 
NP -> omidvar rezaee 
NP -> radi 
NP -> a negotiable document 
NP -> these institutions 
NP -> the unisef 's monthly siting 
NP -> loud protest 
NP -> youth and teenagers 
NP -> all individuals 
NP -> failure 
NP -> some people 's statements 
NP -> aggression 
NP -> fear and horror 
NP -> its suffixes 
NP -> the disappointment 
NP -> psychological war nothing 
NP -> the social council 
NP -> referees 
NP -> my house 
NP -> our country to this matter 
NP -> your question 
NP -> the food 
NP -> one of the smugglers 
NP -> reconsideration and revision 
NP -> the ecosystem of the area 
NP -> antiaircraft 
NP -> this old western thought 
NP -> this responsible authority 
NP -> iran and criticism 
NP -> trade balance between iran and germany 
NP -> confrontation 
NP -> mechanical humans or robots 
NP -> the government and the central bank 
NP -> the first foreign trip 
NP -> the play 
NP -> one week 
NP -> perhaps the temptation 
NP -> the people in some countries 
NP -> the first atomic reactor of iran 
NP -> a statement on tuesday 
NP -> the american democrats 
NP -> almost all rural regions 
NP -> tea 
NP -> a decrease 
NP -> the series in addition 
NP -> psychological war 
NP -> masoud movahedi '' 
NP -> some reflection 
NP -> the international energy agency 
NP -> adequate water resources 
NP -> continuous follow ups 
NP -> concurrently and same direction 
NP -> the flamingo 
NP -> foxes 
NP -> its unity and security turkey 
NP -> their performance 
NP -> the number of existing banks 
NP -> other words , p. 
NP -> the seed 
NP -> his birthplace 
NP -> the glory 
NP -> the house and perhaps the guests 
NP -> the country and american media 
NP -> equal popularity 
NP -> my child 
NP -> this agreement 
NP -> the isteghlal team 
NP -> prostitution , sin and abnormality 
NP -> rashed torbati 
NP -> its editorial 
NP -> the entire international system 
NP -> the writings of this weekly magazine 
NP -> regulations and functions of cooperative institutions 
NP -> persons of scholarship and culture 
NP -> his resistance 
NP -> the level of study 
NP -> a prescription 
NP -> the general and common conditions 
NP -> sleep research 
NP -> energy affairs 
NP -> his example according to his statements 
NP -> teenage internet users 
NP -> the capability 
NP -> health services 
NP -> the international standards 
NP -> broken fingers 
NP -> real estate agencies 
NP -> the option of iran 
NP -> warm soil of the south 
NP -> the immunity of foreign companies 
NP -> abu 
NP -> its price 
NP -> the importance of this zone 
NP -> mother 's arms 
NP -> laylat allghadr 
NP -> iran ' s mobile conditions 
NP -> agreement with one form of resolution 
NP -> life of every fire fighter 
NP -> foreign circles 
NP -> an authorization 
NP -> the activists 
NP -> this insulting approach 
NP -> ghas 
NP -> the petrochemical industry 
NP -> the prices this 
NP -> chairman and deputies 
NP -> correct and logical way 
NP -> a cottage 
NP -> a plaything 
NP -> all of us 
NP -> his great presence sign 
NP -> the way of force and threat 
NP -> cooperation section 
NP -> any type of stimulations 
NP -> the restitution 
NP -> the first atomic reactor 
NP -> terrorist attack 
NP -> the educational 
NP -> the chambers 
NP -> your gravest mistakes 
NP -> nowshahr 
NP -> this category 
NP -> voting in periodical elections 
NP -> the tome 
NP -> more people 
NP -> kuwait 
NP -> knowledge 
NP -> the state minister 
NP -> kermanshah governor office 
NP -> oman sea 
NP -> the native people 
NP -> a possibility 
NP -> seyed mohammad puladgar 
NP -> the main root 
NP -> few old and crumpled money notes 
NP -> businesses in addition 
NP -> the multi 
NP -> the tomb 
NP -> bold diplomacy 
NP -> iran shows the victory 
NP -> a companion 
NP -> traders and experts 
NP -> the help of the iraqi people 
NP -> natural gas 
NP -> the european union 
NP -> the passing of time 
NP -> the private sector in the economy 
NP -> most stores 
NP -> the american occupying administration in iraq 
NP -> the previous mayor of bojnurd 
NP -> a consensus about privatization 
NP -> the goujar heights 
NP -> the cousin 
NP -> a consortium 
NP -> a military attack 
NP -> iranian exporters 
NP -> viewpoints about relations with america 
NP -> time in prison 
NP -> their homeland 
NP -> a sentence 
NP -> their punishment 
NP -> some of the boys 
NP -> facets of the western life 
NP -> strange excitement 
NP -> the export 
NP -> parviz parastooei 
NP -> any way or he 
NP -> his good relation 
NP -> the fuel sector and its signs 
NP -> term and strategic interests 
NP -> followers 
NP -> materials used for making cloth 
NP -> goals 
NP -> a good and complete massager 
NP -> alim and maaz 
NP -> the domain of production 
NP -> fans 
NP -> the approval of the new law 
NP -> their previous demand 
NP -> the indigent people 
NP -> the pass for traffic limits 
NP -> zangana 
NP -> the conspiracy 
NP -> dns names 
NP -> the banking order 
NP -> the largest opposition party 
NP -> permeation 
NP -> important sources 
NP -> the presence of god 's glory 
NP -> the head of self 
NP -> the leadership of mahmood abbas 
NP -> cohen 's 
NP -> the people of berlin 
NP -> the roads ' network 
NP -> the critics 
NP -> the deceased members 
NP -> the corps of the dead 
NP -> shiite groups in iraq 
NP -> the obstruction 
NP -> this suggestion 
NP -> the cities of the province 
NP -> prophet moses 
NP -> the stock of asia 
NP -> factional competition 
NP -> the era of naseruddin shah 
NP -> hunting and nature 
NP -> the offer 
NP -> five member consulate of referees 
NP -> this robot 
NP -> the americans 
NP -> robinson ' s book 
NP -> iran ' s adults freestyle 
NP -> a rival 
NP -> the occupiers 
NP -> expansive informing system 
NP -> the viewpoint of radical zionists 
NP -> the culture of this country 
NP -> this year turkey 's firm 
NP -> hussein hemati 
NP -> the cultural science ministry 
NP -> conveyance 
NP -> only about quadrillion 
NP -> the predicament of lack of identity 
NP -> three phases 
NP -> hard conditions 
NP -> a deep and undefeatable culture 
NP -> a criteria 
NP -> the most important factor 
NP -> the price of petroleum 
NP -> this country tired 
NP -> the german state radio 
NP -> the congress 
NP -> repeated occasions 
NP -> the convoy of media 
NP -> isna 
NP -> war 
NP -> the regional and international collaborations 
NP -> sepulchers 
NP -> the existing patterns in the country 
NP -> this page 
NP -> these kinds of foods 
NP -> an explanation other markets 
NP -> america in iraq 
NP -> armament factories and military unites 
NP -> ankara 
NP -> the leadership election 
NP -> the military station 
NP -> this invitation 
NP -> their issue part of priorities 
NP -> zagreb news media 
NP -> non - fatal violence 
NP -> berlin tonight 
NP -> labor effort and hardworking 
NP -> continuous care 
NP -> his jeep automobile 
NP -> the israelis 
NP -> turkmenistan and iran 
NP -> the diesel intelligent card project 
NP -> the government of hamas 
NP -> this inevitable fact 
NP -> this winning runner 
NP -> the communication lines 
NP -> legalism and formality 
NP -> main problems and dilemmas that should 
NP -> the bounties 
NP -> bahrain ' s house 
NP -> jammu and kashmir on thursday 
NP -> external features of ammar yaser 
NP -> the head of france 
NP -> a city 
NP -> the other side 
NP -> the east of europe 
NP -> the intense reaction 
NP -> the legal regime of this sea 
NP -> housing sector 
NP -> the iranian activists 
NP -> islam ' 
NP -> the patients of this village 
NP -> the west 
NP -> cold war 
NP -> the renunciation 
NP -> the participation of the funds 
NP -> the international fuel 
NP -> japanese bases 
NP -> the influence of the stock market 
NP -> his excellency ayattolah khamenei 
NP -> the judiciary lawyers center 
NP -> a proposal 
NP -> the western media 
NP -> the iraqi nation 's 
NP -> the political issues 
NP -> the occupying policy 
NP -> abd 
NP -> racism 
NP -> these difficulties and challenges 
NP -> speakesmen 
NP -> bright red 
NP -> the financial matters of one 
NP -> the sectors 
NP -> communications revolution 
NP -> america on the restitution of democracy 
NP -> recycling 
NP -> an accessing road 
NP -> iran contrary of this 
NP -> the european union in $ year 
NP -> the surrounding conditions or existing threats 
NP -> america 's food and drug administration 
NP -> european union in january $ year 
NP -> illness 
NP -> advantage of sports olympiads 
NP -> thousands of years 
NP -> marine life of the environment organization 
NP -> the main tourism destinations 
NP -> a special effort 
NP -> the oldest sports 
NP -> this poet 
NP -> the envoys 
NP -> an explosion 
NP -> such a way 
NP -> scientifically speaking the human body 
NP -> serious attention 
NP -> its opposition 
NP -> manner 
NP -> public use 
NP -> the positive dealings 
NP -> reuter 's 
NP -> the new sanctions 
NP -> the groups except hamas 
NP -> the strategic region of golan heights 
NP -> the extent and cost 
NP -> the third time 
NP -> the new strategy 
NP -> this protocol 
NP -> the prophet 's 
NP -> swimming 
NP -> turmoil and anguish 
NP -> the current costs 
NP -> spirit of our revolutionary children 
NP -> petraeus plan 
NP -> weapons of mass destruction 
NP -> the hygienic situation of schools 
NP -> complete independence 
NP -> ervin 
NP -> the situation of iraqi refugees 
NP -> the gap 
NP -> their date 
NP -> one hand , recep tayyip erdoan 
NP -> fairs 
NP -> the news agency 
NP -> pricing 
NP -> most questions 
NP -> the main reasons 
NP -> way 
NP -> arabia tv network 
NP -> azerbaijan 
NP -> the previous years in particular 
NP -> the other foreign flights 
NP -> the blow horn and trumpet 
NP -> sultan hashim 
NP -> this poem 
NP -> splendour at such fairs 
NP -> koran 
NP -> the islamic revolution improvement 
NP -> no other team 
NP -> ramadan moon 
NP -> the adoption 
NP -> this exertion of influences 
NP -> this small forces 
NP -> selected american veterans 
NP -> the bushehr nuclear power plant project 
NP -> chen taipei 
NP -> the atomic energy organization expressed 
NP -> these jobs 
NP -> the promises 
NP -> a widespread reflection 
NP -> the least expense 
NP -> a brilliant idea 
NP -> tawanir 
NP -> the strengthener 
NP -> the dynamic , live faith 
NP -> service 
NP -> a conversation with irna 
NP -> the nationwide television 
NP -> the gas 
NP -> any obstacle in this regard 
NP -> martyr foundation of tehran province 
NP -> the strategic storage 
NP -> the government 's support 
NP -> addition to these collections 
NP -> a good evening 
NP -> israelis 
NP -> the warnings 
NP -> the acceptance of religion 
NP -> this airport 
NP -> the past due to anticipation 
NP -> mehr 's 
NP -> the dirty war period 
NP -> reflection about an issue 
NP -> american 
NP -> the most heroic 
NP -> the competition 
NP -> coalition forces 
NP -> the national economy 
NP -> a condition 
NP -> none of them 
NP -> a few days 
NP -> the causalities 
NP -> george bush 
NP -> this obvious danger 
NP -> domestic press 
NP -> this problem 
NP -> companies and products 
NP -> the ministerial council 
NP -> changes 
NP -> our children 
NP -> some iranian players 
NP -> taxes 
NP -> the proposal of modify the constitution 
NP -> their preparation 
NP -> the time of ghajar 
NP -> the nature of a good 
NP -> the right way 
NP -> a residential unit 
NP -> far future 
NP -> defense minister of bush 's government 
NP -> the previous matter 
NP -> chomsky ' s fame 
NP -> this fair 
NP -> oil industry bank 
NP -> service offered by that site 
NP -> vladimir yakusho 
NP -> the consultants ' meeting 
NP -> the observation 
NP -> the office of hojjatoleslam va moslemeen 
NP -> ayatollah khatami center 
NP -> the sciences 
NP -> turkmenistan and islamic republic 
NP -> the fire 
NP -> central and eastern europe 
NP -> the parliamentary deputy 
NP -> political and security issues 
NP -> the joint staff officials 
NP -> the frontiers of three countries 
NP -> the above topic 
NP -> a share 
NP -> the suggestion 
NP -> athens 
NP -> the security sanctuary of other countries 
NP -> law and different branches of law 
NP -> the coast lands 
NP -> a new industry 
NP -> tv programs 
NP -> the salary 
NP -> accuracy and evaluation 
NP -> tourism organization 
NP -> the interior affairs of this country 
NP -> golestan branch 
NP -> the first capital 
NP -> the conducting of various conferences 
NP -> the rate increase 
NP -> educational 
NP -> his years 
NP -> drake j 
NP -> the accident location 
NP -> the new period of its activity 
NP -> arabic leagues 
NP -> creation and willingness 
NP -> their daily death toll 
NP -> the government administration secretary 
NP -> some talks about negotiation 
NP -> the insurance of some of palestinians 
NP -> aidin 
NP -> inflation in iran 
NP -> the indeterminateness 
NP -> pars oil and gas company 
NP -> the equality 
NP -> particular and special consideration 
NP -> tehran ' 
NP -> bees and butterflies 
NP -> the northern province 
NP -> boris 
NP -> member group 
NP -> the changes 
NP -> cfe and hope 
NP -> the middle east peace 
NP -> the military commission 
NP -> the trade arena 
NP -> the next president 
NP -> the style of the book 
NP -> the parent teacher connection week 
NP -> the spirit 
NP -> the supreme judicial disciplinary goals 
NP -> this type of assigning 
NP -> the governmental offices level 
NP -> irna from new delhi 
NP -> economic growth 
NP -> movement 
NP -> the questions 
NP -> iraqi refugee issues 
NP -> public opinion and the japanese cabinet 
NP -> the hosts 
NP -> feeding fasting people and the poor 
NP -> such an approach 
NP -> the political advisors 
NP -> qualifications 
NP -> the turkish government circles 
NP -> the highlands 
NP -> the organization for petroleum exporting countries 
NP -> a breakfast ! i 
NP -> this goal 
NP -> animals and stables 
NP -> the telegraph newspaper 
NP -> kosovo 
NP -> no certain treatment 
NP -> the new japanese foreign minister 
NP -> european and asian rivals 
NP -> the drive 
NP -> mehdi bibak 
NP -> the allocation of affairs 
NP -> no demand for them 
NP -> the turkish kurdistan workers party 
NP -> the rather unsafe region 
NP -> the chamber of commerce 
NP -> the trend of cooperation 
NP -> the u.s. congress 
NP -> an interesting performance 
NP -> america and america 
NP -> the consultative congress 
NP -> the tool of dominance and exploitation 
NP -> our hands 
NP -> clothing 
NP -> the youth and individuals 
NP -> the multilateral efforts 
NP -> government one 
NP -> guardianship jurists at the basij 
NP -> many negative effects 
NP -> cloth nappy and nappy 
NP -> the ideas of their statesmen 
NP -> ticket or ticket credit card 
NP -> land money and rug 
NP -> contrast the 
NP -> $ year and $ year 
NP -> the seat 
NP -> differences 
NP -> this way during four months 
NP -> the executive structure of opec 
NP -> the muscles 
NP -> the islamic consultative council 
NP -> these consequence 
NP -> a love 
NP -> the principles of democratic administrations 
NP -> trouble and problem 
NP -> personage theatre 
NP -> public sports 
NP -> the sport of wrestling 
NP -> the high ranking authority 
NP -> the reason of the accident 
NP -> the operation of japan maritime self 
NP -> banks , move 
NP -> the rate existing in society 
NP -> his favorite director 
NP -> the basic pillars 
NP -> the firm 
NP -> a peaceful way 
NP -> the recent meeting 
NP -> the state diabetes committee 
NP -> poutin 
NP -> their own facilities and civilized heritages 
NP -> the dimensions 
NP -> western and american media 
NP -> goals as expected 
NP -> $ year 
NP -> pirouz kalantari 
NP -> more this pigment than red radish 
NP -> the exporters 
NP -> the basis of the existing regulations 
NP -> year have claimed 
NP -> reality 
NP -> an important principle 
NP -> the construction of a sepulcher 
NP -> public opinion and islamic nation 
NP -> gaza 
NP -> serbia government 
NP -> security in nato 
NP -> behavior 
NP -> the excavation of a well 
NP -> the constraint of the exercises 
NP -> the expert head 
NP -> this group and reduction of poverty 
NP -> nasa about this matter 
NP -> the scale 
NP -> a effect on the economy 
NP -> the divine book 
NP -> the reports of irna from beirut 
NP -> it ' s reason 
NP -> conflicting parties 
NP -> other diseases 
NP -> six weeks 
NP -> projects 
NP -> an old but lively tree 
NP -> total cooperation 
NP -> a news 
NP -> this date 
NP -> the reuter 's reporter 
NP -> this merger 
NP -> an intellectual maturity 
NP -> eight scientific poles country 
NP -> his turkish counterpart 
NP -> shahnameh 
NP -> accounts and books 
NP -> the oldest democracy 
NP -> the atomic plant 
NP -> farsi language and literature 
NP -> sanandaj 
NP -> the advantage 
NP -> this handicraft 
NP -> meeting hosni 
NP -> the honorable afghan leaders 
NP -> the iraqi government 
NP -> liberals who have computer literacy 
NP -> the last polls in that country 
NP -> course in international conditions 
NP -> laws and desecration 
NP -> the shroud 
NP -> an extraordinary meeting 
NP -> our ancestors 
NP -> the arabic language 
NP -> requisite specialty 
NP -> pursuers 
NP -> the convention 
NP -> unido 
NP -> today 's world 
NP -> early morning in new york 
NP -> the entire world 
NP -> the north of iraq 
NP -> the transparency 
NP -> o . 
NP -> baba afzal street 
NP -> an inevitable day 
NP -> the american and british propaganda 
NP -> reality shows brave and fearless 
NP -> time and absorption of food 
NP -> religions in the concluding statement 
NP -> power and monopoly 
NP -> full and him 
NP -> qatar 's 
NP -> frame and appearance point 
NP -> a heavy financial burden 
NP -> muhammad qayyum '' 
NP -> the producers 
NP -> my stay 
NP -> development 
NP -> the basijis 
NP -> certainly a main threat 
NP -> the producing countries 
NP -> plutonium 
NP -> the safavid era 
NP -> kurdish rebels 
NP -> israel with this ideology 
NP -> the sky 
NP -> export gas 
NP -> religious and cultural issues 
NP -> the current of perspiration 
NP -> karaj office hajj and pilgrimage 
NP -> indicator 
NP -> neighboring countries 
NP -> the troops ' surge 
NP -> the authorities of the countries dislike 
NP -> afrashteh 
NP -> first joint experience 
NP -> severe pain 
NP -> hussein halaj and shalamkhani and etc. 
NP -> his rival 
NP -> disputed issues 
NP -> the bassiji clerics 
NP -> the mathematics teams 
NP -> a limit in opec production 
NP -> the beginning islam 
NP -> turkey and the persian gulf 
NP -> the manner 
NP -> the political situation 
NP -> one day some european 
NP -> the islamic republic news agency 
NP -> the commission on national security 
NP -> the block trading 
NP -> saadabad museum palace 
NP -> parisian people of this novel phenomenon 
NP -> this consortium 
NP -> yourselves 
NP -> tel 
NP -> peronist party ' s 
NP -> economic plans 
NP -> the number of awards 
NP -> eternity ' 
NP -> carnal temptations and sharia and abstain 
NP -> the minister of science 
NP -> gheysar 
NP -> other countries in tourism section 
NP -> the fields of petroleum and gas 
NP -> my friends 
NP -> the museum 
NP -> the control 
NP -> the current north 
NP -> the justice - based ninth administration 
NP -> antiriot police 
NP -> market 
NP -> the victory front 
NP -> a threat or an opportunity 
NP -> migrants ' 
NP -> the art 
NP -> fuel tank trucks 
NP -> the heart of many handicaps 
NP -> the oil 
NP -> the parliament of india 
NP -> comparison with other sectors 
NP -> putin 's presidential term 
NP -> the atomic energy agency 
NP -> the azadi ground 
NP -> joint projects of iran and syria 
NP -> social tensions 
NP -> temporary pressures of demand and supply 
NP -> their attempt 
NP -> the important ways for attaining energy 
NP -> ten 
NP -> the limitations o credits 
NP -> the indefinite and total expansion 
NP -> head couch 
NP -> author 
NP -> a good response 
NP -> his very valuable book the tradition 
NP -> fight against internal threats 
NP -> previous studies 
NP -> job creation 
NP -> the interpretation 
NP -> a accident , lost his kidneys 
NP -> the current year 
NP -> the west world 
NP -> the army forces of revolutionary guard 
NP -> these two countries 
NP -> an indictor 
NP -> coin 
NP -> the commerce chamber 
NP -> your children 
NP -> day gathering 
NP -> no circumstances 
NP -> very few people who have heard 
NP -> the suffixes 
NP -> turkey 's minister of defense 
NP -> the sovereignty and territorial integrity 
NP -> experts ' points 
NP -> the rich farmers of guatemala 
NP -> another matter 
NP -> their task 
NP -> shouldn ' 
NP -> the most profits 
NP -> this country 's market 
NP -> deviation 
NP -> cultural heritage hand 
NP -> a reporter 
NP -> a celebration 
NP -> your admirers 
NP -> his city 's 
NP -> some preparations 
NP -> prayer 
NP -> a time zone 
NP -> this poisons falling into the sea 
NP -> the plan 
NP -> the resistance plan 
NP -> banks 
NP -> some 
NP -> the separatist group 's members 
NP -> the negotiation 
NP -> none of these promises 
NP -> general alexander 
NP -> perhaps the darkest days 
NP -> its identification 
NP -> generosity and kindness 
NP -> the detention 
NP -> saintly 
NP -> the distance 
NP -> courses 
NP -> the color and smell 
NP -> the explosions 
NP -> advanced countries 
NP -> electricity 
NP -> all and unconsciousness 
NP -> the objective 
NP -> the central bank monetary policy council 
NP -> the zionist paper haaretz 
NP -> the military commanders 
NP -> some industrialists 
NP -> hospital of london 
NP -> addition to the president assistant 
NP -> inconsistency and difference 
NP -> the external contextual references 
NP -> the situation of the flights 
NP -> allah men al 
NP -> parliamentary service 
NP -> the chambers of commerce 
NP -> the noted ministry 
NP -> boushehr 
NP -> iran in this meeting 
NP -> case of a crisis 
NP -> ayatollah hashemi 
NP -> the principles and values 
NP -> honor guard present 
NP -> this embassy , yet casualties 
NP -> this round of competitions 
NP -> science and labor 
NP -> natives there is not much 
NP -> some books 
NP -> the unilateralism process 
NP -> authority 
NP -> this for the first time basketball 
NP -> the construction and bringing 
NP -> the majority of parliamentary parties 
NP -> facilities 
NP -> the latest status 
NP -> top of doroodzan dam 
NP -> joint venture 
NP -> frank walter stein mayer 
NP -> the committee field 
NP -> an analysis 
NP -> the general commander of al 
NP -> this commission that consists of universities 
NP -> the answer 
NP -> international problems 
NP -> the eco cooperation 
NP -> investment term deposits 
NP -> the current activities 
NP -> the way of uproar 
NP -> the consumed fuel 
NP -> this essential truth 
NP -> themselves and their spouses 
NP -> the presiding member 
NP -> cultural and economic presence 
NP -> enfeebler 
NP -> provinces 
NP -> medical sciences of shiraz university 
NP -> military historians 
NP -> the highest threat 
NP -> foreign minister of iraq 
NP -> the nature of science 
NP -> the policy of the commerce ministry 
NP -> a disease of old age 
NP -> incantation 
NP -> commander ahmadi moghadam 
NP -> this path 
NP -> the services of this center 
NP -> the most honorable 
NP -> the institutions level 
NP -> a staunch supporter 
NP -> lebanese parliament 
NP -> sexual abuses 
NP -> the supreme leader 's 
NP -> these issues 
NP -> this modification in state 
NP -> height 
NP -> the partnership 
NP -> the thousands 
NP -> certain conditions 
NP -> civilized heritages 
NP -> these officers 
NP -> the rise of oil price 
NP -> the national parliaments 
NP -> narcotics and hostage 
NP -> a desirable incentive 
NP -> success in this war 
NP -> the heads of two countries 
NP -> the political reporter 
NP -> a sharp fall 
NP -> the receipt of the dividend 
NP -> a number of american forces 
NP -> a low interest rate 
NP -> ghajar 
NP -> the skillful orators 
NP -> a specified time 
NP -> the corporations adding 
NP -> forces in iraq 
NP -> the analysis of the budget figures 
NP -> the women ' 
NP -> the police force 
NP -> the formulary 
NP -> changing behavior 
NP -> a copy 
NP -> trafficking of uzbek subjects 
NP -> north highway project 
NP -> her scholarship 
NP -> the free economy 
NP -> me 
NP -> a meaningful relationship with each other 
NP -> the honored devotee pirsarandi 
NP -> advancements 
NP -> the hands of healthy men 
NP -> physical features of ammar yaser 
NP -> direct sale 
NP -> innate and natural tendency 
NP -> your daughter 's 
NP -> the insertion of condemnation of insult 
NP -> the accumulation 
NP -> the bonds stock market 
NP -> a puncture 
NP -> no allocation in the source 
NP -> this runner leila ebrahimi 
NP -> impressive measures 
NP -> this statement iran and seyyed hassan 
NP -> much food 
NP -> sociology and philosophy 
NP -> the first professional 
NP -> the taxpayers 
NP -> the highlands of northern iraq 
NP -> the author 
NP -> recep tayyip erdoan 
NP -> the important issues with baghdad 
NP -> the students ' objection 
NP -> the basic price 
NP -> transactions website 
NP -> good relations between india and iran 
NP -> the recent decision of lychak 
NP -> the personnel in the west bank 
NP -> the former blocks of east 
NP -> petraeus 's plan 
NP -> durable peace and security 
NP -> its forces 
NP -> my political consultant 
NP -> a gathering 
NP -> belgrade 's tv 
NP -> the friendships and cordial relations 
NP -> the existing patterns 
NP -> imam 
NP -> inflation of the country 
NP -> china 's presence 
NP -> the persuasion 
NP -> a regular orchestra 
NP -> the steering 
NP -> entry card 
NP -> the palestinian territory wanderers 
NP -> the advantages 
NP -> america regarding the issues iran 
NP -> this same issue 
NP -> the iranian panther 
NP -> the statements 
NP -> professor and students 
NP -> parents ' expertise 
NP -> the life 
NP -> any event the victory 
NP -> a movement culture 
NP -> the women 's volleyball team 
NP -> the reforms 
NP -> only one specialized aids clinic 
NP -> the role of united nations fade 
NP -> background knowledge 
NP -> the material 
NP -> our reporter 
NP -> the supreme committee of cession 
NP -> shinzo 
NP -> the distribution of water 
NP -> close man 
NP -> dim vision 
NP -> the global economy 
NP -> the global sanction 
NP -> the complex 's 
NP -> their nationality 
NP -> zubkov 
NP -> the second part 
NP -> smuggling 
NP -> faults and problems 
NP -> readiness 
NP -> brown 
NP -> a religious and indisputable scholar 
NP -> national power 
NP -> length picture 
NP -> every new and thing 
NP -> answering people 
NP -> circumambulation 
NP -> joint manufacturing of automobiles 
NP -> the minister of justice 
NP -> humanitarian assistance and freedom of movement 
NP -> the imprisonment records doesn ' 
NP -> the agreed programs 
NP -> the iranian films 
NP -> pegah gilan 
NP -> the moments 
NP -> their father 
NP -> foreign investments 
NP -> the administrators 
NP -> present time 
NP -> slogans against these two organizations 
NP -> the major avenues 
NP -> mortar attacks 
NP -> iranian men 
NP -> other characteristics 
NP -> internal tumors experts society 
NP -> iranian people 
NP -> an international bank of nuclear fuel 
NP -> the security 
NP -> seringer 
NP -> a post 
NP -> the system 
NP -> supervision ' 
NP -> nuclear energy iran ' 
NP -> armenians genocide 
NP -> a letter 
NP -> the first traffic guideline of tehran 
NP -> all ranks 
NP -> science committees 
NP -> the almighty god 
NP -> ghanimi 
NP -> the westerners 
NP -> the joint forces 
NP -> rice growers 
NP -> the nasa news base reports 
NP -> the same problem 
NP -> its underdevelopment 
NP -> professional work services but if organizations 
NP -> $ year elections 
NP -> the roads leading to the north 
NP -> taghizadeh 
NP -> a good movement 
NP -> mohammad ali ayazi '' 
NP -> some economic problems 
NP -> lands and facilities 
NP -> anemia and calcium 
NP -> steve jobs 
NP -> the innocent and vulnerable 
NP -> schlaudraff 
NP -> the provincial level 
NP -> the coming session only deal 
NP -> special conditions 
NP -> the departure of american forces 
NP -> enough knowledge 
NP -> such a company 
NP -> personas 
NP -> prime minster 
NP -> buali sina 
NP -> this stage for success 
NP -> pay 
NP -> the continuation of that objection 
NP -> first and second degree hemorrhoids 
NP -> the expansion of international political tensions 
NP -> economic structures 
NP -> the competition in the democrat party 
NP -> molla abbas 
NP -> the human 's heart 
NP -> the predominance of imperialism 
NP -> some lanes 
NP -> the commerce organization 
NP -> the plan for great middle 
NP -> medication , the disciple bitten 
NP -> the documentary of ' tehran 
NP -> this small forces of the office 
NP -> the government of afghanistan 
NP -> hossein asgharzadeh 
NP -> reflection and planning 
NP -> urban sociology revolves 
NP -> the high finished 
NP -> iran in the trip 
NP -> the employers 
NP -> coarse woolen cloth coarse carpet 
NP -> the spokesperson 
NP -> ashes 
NP -> the foreign affairs minister 
NP -> the famous sociologist 
NP -> vice and mischievousness 
NP -> the spokesperson of kremlin in moscow 
NP -> world trade organization in talks 
NP -> sa ' 
NP -> a happy wife 
NP -> the writings 
NP -> some youths 
NP -> villages in these regions 
NP -> two groups 
NP -> some time 
NP -> the adjustment 
NP -> his temptations 
NP -> the publication of such caricatures 
NP -> nazarbayef 
NP -> the critique 
NP -> certain travel to tehran 
NP -> hashemi 
NP -> one third 
NP -> output small institutions 
NP -> qaida terrorist group 
NP -> wrestling 
NP -> different behavioral and moral aspects 
NP -> entirety 
NP -> sciences directive 
NP -> a sort of biologic resolvable prosthesis 
NP -> the production and export 
NP -> the curve 
NP -> the context of the people 
NP -> glycemic index 
NP -> successes 
NP -> a state of change 
NP -> the sunni province 
NP -> a great and valuable reserve 
NP -> the region progress 
NP -> the interests of the nation 
NP -> their own prestige and their nations 
NP -> some producers 
NP -> hygienic water 
NP -> the vegetables 
NP -> illegal fishing 
NP -> a strong competitive economy 
NP -> the peaceful use 
NP -> the rest of this announcement 
NP -> a self 
NP -> jaundice 
NP -> the credit process of banks 
NP -> the irrigation 
NP -> witness clear statements 
NP -> leader islamic revolution 
NP -> reform and transformation 
NP -> the west and alameh nayini 
NP -> accurate recognition 
NP -> positive results 
NP -> the supporting 
NP -> a percent 
NP -> the security of our people 
NP -> war films 
NP -> the special events 
NP -> reputation 
NP -> the table 
NP -> doutsche 
NP -> the uranium fuel 
NP -> the last architectural achievement 
NP -> political behaviors 
NP -> this procedure 
NP -> transit fee pakistan 's soil 
NP -> ahmadi nejad 
NP -> intolerant 
NP -> support of each other 
NP -> illegitimate ways 
NP -> their country 's 
NP -> rights 
NP -> iran ' s army 
NP -> this charity show 
NP -> the history of western films 
NP -> the killing 
NP -> the nations in this region 
NP -> massoud 
NP -> his guards 
NP -> rockets 
NP -> guidance coordination 
NP -> dead wave 
NP -> raghb 
NP -> the conducted predictions 
NP -> the rise 
NP -> the nuclear power plants 
NP -> the opposition of france 
NP -> several foreign countries 
NP -> experts ' 
NP -> economical added value for the country 
NP -> battle 
NP -> tehran and metropolises 
NP -> the success 
NP -> canada 
NP -> the type of goods 
NP -> companies to the market 
NP -> a good opportunity 
NP -> the military action 
NP -> questions 
NP -> true dreams and moods comprehensive issues 
NP -> comfort and peace 
NP -> international laws and manifestos 
NP -> bad conditions 
NP -> all the lebanese 
NP -> the officials of the judiciary 
NP -> the same external line 
NP -> presence during that minor absence 
NP -> these bounties 
NP -> all the developments 
NP -> the high council of supervision ' 
NP -> organizing city affairs 
NP -> the american 
NP -> the next appointment 
NP -> the housing market 
NP -> banking operations 
NP -> the approval of these laws 
NP -> its role 
NP -> the iraqi citizens 
NP -> the british foreign ministry 
NP -> the elucidation of minds 
NP -> its frontiers 
NP -> georgia ' s government 
NP -> insults western media 
NP -> the seminar 
NP -> the work of the ruling government 
NP -> the ministry of education 
NP -> the general session of lisbon conference 
NP -> decorative arts 
NP -> body 
NP -> the eyesight 
NP -> city of france 
NP -> a budget for the iraqi occupation 
NP -> turkey 's measure of self defense 
NP -> nomads season 
NP -> the world against islam and qoran 
NP -> the basic pillars of these policies 
NP -> soviet republics in the year 
NP -> every volleyballist 
NP -> the month of june in brussels 
NP -> the four sides 
NP -> a new excuse for enemity 
NP -> the lebanese lbc television 
NP -> the joint suggestion 
NP -> racism of zionism 
NP -> production force 
NP -> central news 
NP -> the presence of ahmadinejad 
NP -> the beginning of this meeting 
NP -> democracy donation 
NP -> indian ocean in form 
NP -> all the talks 
NP -> the nature 
NP -> the nuclear case 
NP -> the statistics of ships ' movements 
NP -> no authority 
NP -> castlo 
NP -> road and transportation 
NP -> the only vaccine 
NP -> an exclusive characteristic of this nation 
NP -> the obtained leather 
NP -> bank work 
NP -> ever 
NP -> last 
NP -> facilities or subsidizes 
NP -> assembly 
NP -> persistent development of exports 
NP -> some disagreements on the way plan 
NP -> poverty 
NP -> their homes 
NP -> eating ice cream 
NP -> various provinces 
NP -> the foreign policies 
NP -> force and tank 
NP -> israel and palestine negotiations 
NP -> the other hand fakeh 
NP -> negative to the '' declaration 
NP -> american western films 
NP -> the type of exercises 
NP -> previous musical year 
NP -> rivers in china 
NP -> another passenger of the motorcycle 
NP -> particular 
NP -> the numerous tourist attractions and beauties 
NP -> hasht behesht 
NP -> federal republic of bosnia and herzegovina 
NP -> araghiah yesterday 
NP -> expenses decrease 
NP -> respondents 
NP -> fastidious actions 
NP -> annapolis '' city 
NP -> communicative plans 
NP -> the desired result 
NP -> only a certain mystical relationship 
NP -> the zionist 
NP -> a man 
NP -> their scientific methodology 
NP -> an essential part 
NP -> the major reason for this choice 
NP -> sarhang husseini 
NP -> danesh jaafari 
NP -> a magi or hindu 
NP -> individual ' s characterstics 
NP -> complete and immediate pull 
NP -> the cities of the country esfahan 
NP -> legal participation 
NP -> senator 
NP -> the individual sanctum 
NP -> the six week sand storm 
NP -> this right 
NP -> the influence of world pressure 
NP -> sheikh tabrisi 's majma aal bayan 
NP -> clean air non 
NP -> members of civic councils and congress 
NP -> three levels 
NP -> joint institutions 
NP -> approximately five million 
NP -> the present circumstances 
NP -> foreign services 
NP -> legal principles 
NP -> the doctor using a joystick 
NP -> a simple 
NP -> criticism 
NP -> senegal societe 
NP -> the existing obstacles 
NP -> the middle east to a post 
NP -> the sedition 
NP -> khoy airport 
NP -> hooshang 
NP -> captives 
NP -> trouble making stars en > 
NP -> a stream 
NP -> dr hadi ghanimi 
NP -> transition 
NP -> many rules 
NP -> the electricity powerhouse 
NP -> scientific power 
NP -> iran ' s adults 
NP -> social security 
NP -> the independent palestine country 
NP -> unemployment 
NP -> the operations of the central bank 
NP -> perpetual discontinuity 
NP -> $ year that the bush 
NP -> the attendants ' 
NP -> this internet site 
NP -> repeated claims 
NP -> the craftsmen ' problems 
NP -> fate and land control 
NP -> the votes of the representatives 
NP -> the production sectors 
NP -> this submarine robot 
NP -> turkey with the us 
NP -> khaksar 
NP -> the best blessing of life 
NP -> anyhow one person 
NP -> second class citizens 
NP -> the sudden and saddening death 
NP -> the citizens 
NP -> leila ebrahimi 
NP -> platonic demands 
NP -> the city of zahedan 
NP -> this conference reminded 
NP -> this oppressed nation 
NP -> the hardship 
NP -> the lisbon conference 
NP -> bagdad 
NP -> their connection 
NP -> aburdeneh 
NP -> a new bill 
NP -> amrollahi 
NP -> these small points 
NP -> the stock market during mehr 
NP -> the prophet house 
NP -> oceanic creatures 
NP -> american conspiracy 
NP -> masoud saad en > 
NP -> fundamentalist fraction of the parliament 
NP -> africa union 
NP -> many books at last 
NP -> the permeability of sewage 
NP -> the democratic head 
NP -> the past sweet memories 
NP -> the file 
NP -> a chaotic condition 
NP -> different locations 
NP -> merh report 
NP -> a new spirit 
NP -> this scheme 
NP -> the similar loss 
NP -> the russian international relations 
NP -> each society 
NP -> the inflammatory deceases 
NP -> nuclear power plant 
NP -> a big problem 
NP -> the rail money 
NP -> the almighty wish 
NP -> their crusaders 
NP -> the accepted international frameworks 
NP -> letter 
NP -> the income 
NP -> herat 
NP -> no effect in its value 
NP -> nuclear power plans 
NP -> this young man 
NP -> patients 
NP -> the depth 
NP -> an extensive account of these rock 
NP -> red death 
NP -> ardabil province 
NP -> samaray russia 
NP -> the new lock 
NP -> its adventure 
NP -> the national park 
NP -> the islamic economic organization 
NP -> evidences 
NP -> the documents for his arrest 
NP -> his government ' 
NP -> the beginning of this project 
NP -> an example 
NP -> last friday 
NP -> thinkers of international relations 
NP -> their own destiny 
NP -> the review and evaluation of participation 
NP -> reading poetry 
NP -> the production of petroleum 
NP -> countries 
NP -> the horizon 
NP -> negligence in the coding affair 
NP -> expansion of this virtual society 
NP -> the bank to these countries 
NP -> the important ways 
NP -> case of a request 
NP -> these the strengthening 
NP -> a few hours of exercise 
NP -> four members 
NP -> his latest stances 
NP -> the historical rights of palestinian nation 
NP -> the recent case 
NP -> zargar 
NP -> nuclear energy for industry 
NP -> beauty 
NP -> the form 
NP -> a new episode 
NP -> iranian merchants 
NP -> judicature body 
NP -> comments 
NP -> an newspaper peace 
NP -> this war accountable nor their punishment 
NP -> u . s 
NP -> this news agency 
NP -> the treasury minister 
NP -> the performance of these two robots 
NP -> all the heavy furniture 
NP -> the country 's first group 
NP -> population 
NP -> the national party of denmark 
NP -> the possible attack 
NP -> the lifestyle of iraqis 
NP -> an important concern 
NP -> i in the ukraine competitions 
NP -> other areas 
NP -> matters 
NP -> the defense 
NP -> the agent 
NP -> automobile costs 
NP -> the table cloth 
NP -> ourselves 
NP -> these years 
NP -> india 's ministry 
NP -> vietnam ' 
NP -> the international atomic energy agency ' 
NP -> the explosion 
NP -> directors of the bourse company 
NP -> islamic consultative assembly , friday imam 
NP -> kyrgyzstan 
NP -> ihsanoglu 
NP -> colonel mostafa mokhtarifar 
NP -> its representation 
NP -> the comprehensiveness of this organ 
NP -> our region 
NP -> a third class citizen 
NP -> the predicament 
NP -> philosophy of history 
NP -> the loss of their lives 
NP -> the general council 
NP -> the martyr fayyazbakhz auditorium of esfahan 
NP -> society 
NP -> the ministers of oil 
NP -> the military action above syrian sky 
NP -> black marble 
NP -> a governmental economy 
NP -> management of water demand 
NP -> international sanctions 
NP -> the alflatoksin difficulty 
NP -> the early years of childhood 
NP -> the current deadlock 
NP -> the new head coach 
NP -> steel 
NP -> serious expressions 
NP -> cyprus 
NP -> surgery 
NP -> the marriage age 
NP -> culture building 
NP -> other commentaries 
NP -> fishing and boating 
NP -> the iron 
NP -> recep tayyip erdogan 
NP -> the guards corps , 
NP -> its sensitive 
NP -> public relations 
NP -> a visit 
NP -> admiral '' vladimir 
NP -> the van paykan driver 
NP -> their views 
NP -> house sector 
NP -> russian gas to armenia 
NP -> the group of reform and transformation 
NP -> the subgroup 
NP -> the assertions 
NP -> my residence 
NP -> the masoud young age 
NP -> master abdol 
NP -> the good financial status 
NP -> the confession of high 
NP -> the path of nuclear contract 
NP -> the black market 
NP -> islam ' s power 
NP -> the real information 
NP -> more pressuring in this field 
NP -> international affairs of radio and tv 
NP -> the acquainted subject 
NP -> the debates 
NP -> the prevention of anemia and calcium 
NP -> india 's 
NP -> suchi 
NP -> national unity and integrity 
NP -> nassaem ol 
NP -> ban month 
NP -> the purpose of compensating personnel payments 
NP -> the defense minister 
NP -> its claim states 
NP -> a . d can 
NP -> the united nation ' s mission 
NP -> the objectives 
NP -> the manner of the issue 
NP -> pharmacists 
NP -> insecurity 
NP -> financial motivation 
NP -> the other side of the house 
NP -> reflection and scheduling 
NP -> nabih beri 's plan 
NP -> shiites 
NP -> formal vote 
NP -> the poetry field 
NP -> no regard to united nations 
NP -> their hands 
NP -> the collection 
NP -> the approach of russian politicians 
NP -> every poet on one topic 
NP -> ir 
NP -> a method 
NP -> the solution of this problem 
NP -> a bank of non 
NP -> cordial isteaza not oral utterance 
NP -> a constructive role 
NP -> intelligence organization 
NP -> security forces 
NP -> china daily 
NP -> soviet unions 
NP -> the optimal chance 
NP -> the law enforcement station 
NP -> the fast and starving 
NP -> chek laleh airport 
NP -> the recommendation 
NP -> national resources 
NP -> it 
NP -> poems 
NP -> the military forces 
NP -> the servitude prostration 
NP -> vehicles including private and public 
NP -> the muslim nation 
NP -> a long term presence in iraq 
NP -> the omission 
NP -> an old jacket and skirt 
NP -> the library 
NP -> drugs gangs 
NP -> cement cottages 
NP -> big companies shares 
NP -> unknown reasons 
NP -> the determination of banking operations 
NP -> the apogee in the next months 
NP -> the direction 
NP -> the systematization of these meetings 
NP -> the concerned goods 
NP -> many local candidates 
NP -> exhibitions of direct supply 
NP -> ms gandhi 
NP -> narcotics 
NP -> his valuable ethical virtues 
NP -> this research 
NP -> honds 's 
NP -> commander ahmadi 
NP -> the aircraft industry 
NP -> today 's 
NP -> internal living related problems 
NP -> goods and individuals 
NP -> the council 
NP -> mehdi 
NP -> foreigners 
NP -> some damages 
NP -> the golestan museum 
NP -> environmental protection 
NP -> air france airline 
NP -> the two presidents 
NP -> your question and the hidden answer 
NP -> the informational and operational activities 
NP -> every township 
NP -> the needy and feeding people fasting 
NP -> their status 
NP -> a phenomenon 
NP -> fire 
NP -> hatred and racism 
NP -> mazwi 
NP -> red radish 
NP -> potential carriers 
NP -> the tongue 
NP -> votes of confidence 
NP -> this association 's 
NP -> the motorcycle 
NP -> cities 
NP -> the number of these patients 
NP -> the old wealthy people 
NP -> the common people 
NP -> a useful agreement 
NP -> the congress of america 
NP -> each person 
NP -> the same method 
NP -> general motors 
NP -> palestine hasmas 
NP -> the scent of joseph 's shirt 
NP -> this dignified imam 
NP -> a specialist 
NP -> the supervision of the agency 
NP -> strategies and long 
NP -> this fall 
NP -> a political and security point 
NP -> contract with the us defense ministry 
NP -> all the tribal leaders 
NP -> afghanistan exportation 
NP -> this brown colored calf seventy 
NP -> happiness 
NP -> all matters 
NP -> syrian deputy president 
NP -> many other languages 
NP -> the ties 
NP -> the interesting 
NP -> demonstrators 
NP -> the shortage 
NP -> hojjatoleslam 
NP -> a good example for negotiation 
NP -> this faction 
NP -> god and the historical reformers 
NP -> unified policies 
NP -> this obsession and sensitivity 
NP -> hesham yusef 
NP -> his discussion 
NP -> no body 
NP -> presence in a strong competitive economy 
NP -> media tools 
NP -> nearly four months 
NP -> the student 's 
NP -> the exclusive domain 
NP -> relation 
NP -> the national resources of gilan province 
NP -> six points 
NP -> the measure 
NP -> different asian and european competitions 
NP -> dr vichi gang 
NP -> hatoyama 
NP -> the zionist prime minister 
NP -> gonaveh 
NP -> an interview with irna 
NP -> worsening budget procedure 
NP -> the stances of poland 
NP -> the consultative congress the self 
NP -> the rest i 
NP -> contamination , dust and some infections 
NP -> the announcement of new against iran 
NP -> nasr theater 
NP -> the usurping government 
NP -> translation 
NP -> iran broadcasting 
NP -> the pegout 
NP -> a little bag knitted 
NP -> a museum 
NP -> an equity of one 
NP -> law and different branches 
NP -> most abnormalities of society 
NP -> war and rain of missiles 
NP -> these successes 
NP -> mozzafareddin-shah 's 
NP -> the youth cinema 
NP -> iran 's public relations 
NP -> a forged scenario about the nature 
NP -> the spatial hubble telescopes 
NP -> the report of sky news 
NP -> the british 
NP -> the small and limited countries 
NP -> kashan jame ' mosque 
NP -> occupational life 
NP -> an american soldier and injury 
NP -> a special credit row 
NP -> an exclusive approach 
NP -> reality a global capitulation 
NP -> operations specific to peace keeping 
NP -> shops across those streets 
NP -> experts society 
NP -> little shakuri also considered khodadad stronger 
NP -> hatamikia filmmaker 
NP -> the tenacious opposition of american jews 
NP -> a major city 
NP -> the lowest educational levels 
NP -> the old franc 
NP -> amerikan weapons 
NP -> the general belief 
NP -> monetary exchange 
NP -> repeat congratulations 
NP -> the least crimes 
NP -> the high authorities 
NP -> our lack 
NP -> the pelican and the flamingo 
NP -> lack of cement 
NP -> stocks 
NP -> the thinkers of social field 
NP -> foreign affairs minister 
NP -> the support package 
NP -> favor of anarchy 
NP -> marine rigs 
NP -> other benefits 
NP -> the decision of turkey 's assembly 
NP -> all problems and harms existent 
NP -> two platforms 
NP -> this matter quoting 
NP -> the curriculum 
NP -> an independent iran 
NP -> the year 
NP -> . cn spcial for china 
NP -> both of them 
NP -> council of stock exchange 
NP -> kashan 
NP -> the metaphysical and historic 
NP -> spinach , avocado cabbage and broccoli 
NP -> the impact 
NP -> the islamic guardian corps 
NP -> the rein 
NP -> putin 's 
NP -> their aggressions 
NP -> kurdistan 
NP -> general culture 
NP -> this period of time 
NP -> age of marriage 
NP -> the leftist politician 
NP -> the brother 's mind 
NP -> the planning and budget commission 
NP -> palestinians 
NP -> the complete information 
NP -> the justice minister 
NP -> the international multilateral co 
NP -> the many treatments 
NP -> ministry of industries and mines 
NP -> the school of baghdad 
NP -> all the institutions 
NP -> the systems of self 
NP -> the processes 
NP -> the government in this framework 
NP -> problem 
NP -> the courtiers 
NP -> appropriate capital 
NP -> values and common beliefs 
NP -> this mission in july 
NP -> countries ' 
NP -> navaz sahrif 
NP -> all the criteria 
NP -> the continuation of this session 
NP -> valuable experiences 
NP -> ahmadinejad and putin 
NP -> a persian term synonym 
NP -> the accepted sectors 
NP -> iranian attackers 
NP -> unmanned aeroplanes ( uav ) 
NP -> muhammad mirtabar '' stated 
NP -> the clergies ' 
NP -> television channels 
NP -> labor ministry and housing ministry 
NP -> jobs 
NP -> today ' s parliament meeting 
NP -> your behavior 
NP -> fars news agency 
NP -> their fathers 
NP -> plans for attacking iraq 
NP -> the lebanese army 
NP -> the news correspondents 
NP -> mac 
NP -> the seller ' 
NP -> consultation 
NP -> traditions and music 
NP -> many copies of it 
NP -> the extensive military relations 
NP -> the consumption 
NP -> the islamic council parliament 
NP -> the islamic republic pasdaran corps 
NP -> the guards 
NP -> the world and the world 
NP -> andimeshk said 
NP -> stored plutonium in the arsenal 
NP -> hazrat - e reza 
NP -> appropriate technology for such an event 
NP -> them 
NP -> southeastern areas this country 
NP -> the land of iran 
NP -> publication 
NP -> their satisfaction 
NP -> the son 
NP -> the elderly 
NP -> tayyip erdoan 
NP -> the river ' 
NP -> sport in yazd province 
NP -> putin ' s trip 
NP -> the conservation 
NP -> your hotel room 
NP -> representatives from '' cia 
NP -> the life of oceanic creatures 
NP -> the funding 
NP -> the leaders of the natives 
NP -> reporters 
NP -> precautions 
NP -> the parade 
NP -> age 
NP -> security officials 
NP -> the proposal 
NP -> cloth 
NP -> the scenes 
NP -> the turkish kurdish workers party 
NP -> an aura 
NP -> such programs 
NP -> the reason of this expelling 
NP -> a safe zone 
NP -> bahrain 
NP -> any age 
NP -> proof of their claim 
NP -> the planned date 
NP -> his weekly speech 
NP -> small stuff 
NP -> itself 
NP -> its weapon 
NP -> this messy situation 
NP -> the nuclear activities 
NP -> the arrogant with the iranian nation 
NP -> other enactments 
NP -> israel 's minister 
NP -> state 
NP -> right 
NP -> human predicament 
NP -> his associates 
NP -> palestinian nation 
NP -> the attack 
NP -> this design 
NP -> tat sent peron to exile 
NP -> the palestinian nation 
NP -> a role 
NP -> the children soccer team 
NP -> fars 
NP -> the month of shaban 
NP -> seventy 
NP -> barring palestinians 
NP -> this incident 
NP -> the president 's order 
NP -> hassan rohani iran 's 
NP -> islamic nation 
NP -> morning 
NP -> money 
NP -> hospital 
NP -> the united nations on repeated occasions 
NP -> the recent decision 
NP -> the cabinet 's 
NP -> exertion 
NP -> france press 
NP -> the qualification 
NP -> his first presence 
NP -> the addicts 
NP -> respect to family problems 
NP -> gratitude 
NP -> the increase in population 
NP -> the environment organization 
NP -> the occurrence of incidents and accidents 
NP -> nuclear program 
NP -> the first point in this regard 
NP -> the rate of communicative plans 
NP -> attack 
NP -> irancell 's response to the clients 
NP -> some crisis 
NP -> prime ministry positions 
NP -> radio waves 
NP -> the law of usury 
NP -> iranshahr 
NP -> the part of the zionists 
NP -> favorable climate 
NP -> imam ' s effort 
NP -> turkey many operations with americans 
NP -> the harsh ways of shiite 
NP -> its other partners 
NP -> his condition 
NP -> japan 's 
NP -> guiding supervision of vice 
NP -> the last book that she read 
NP -> an extravert verse 
NP -> sha ' b '' township 
NP -> the vietnam war 
NP -> a treasure 
NP -> presidents adel mahdi and tregh hashemi 
NP -> beginning 
NP -> the cultural deputy 
NP -> the monopoly 
NP -> this demonstration 
NP -> the community 
NP -> the financial sector of turkey 
NP -> such exhibition 
NP -> no reason 
NP -> our best 
NP -> athletic activities 
NP -> transportation and energy 
NP -> caviar 
NP -> a student 
NP -> the father 
NP -> this century 
NP -> the gene 
NP -> locations and centers 
NP -> threats and pressure 
NP -> the type 
NP -> the general president 
NP -> local officials of the province 
NP -> the revolution in respect 
NP -> makaremolakhlagh prayer of imam sajad 
NP -> a cooperation agreement between russia 
NP -> cia 
NP -> united nations fade 
NP -> diplomatic negotiations 
NP -> other societies 
NP -> the merchants 
NP -> presence in such fairs 
NP -> social and moral security 
NP -> less than two months 
NP -> different regions 
NP -> the white house from several days 
NP -> the joint headquarters 
NP -> the government 's isolation nuclear contract 
NP -> ancient works 
NP -> the game 
NP -> the hand of big companies 
NP -> an investigator close 
NP -> the electronic certificate 
NP -> field 
NP -> future borders of palestine 
NP -> tehran 
NP -> man 
NP -> the next day 
NP -> months in different locations 
NP -> the country in this field 
NP -> the technical engineering capability 
NP -> the basic information 
NP -> the fatwa 
NP -> arjomand banou 
NP -> the secretary general 
NP -> a one billion dollar investment 
NP -> the taliban 
NP -> the head of the indian delegation 
NP -> perspective bill 
NP -> administrative council of bistoun 
NP -> the middle east by military means 
NP -> the implementation of this charter 
NP -> psychological viewpoint move 
NP -> life and social movement 
NP -> the possibility of the merger 
NP -> this claim 
NP -> international relations in ankara 
NP -> robotic projects throughout the world 
NP -> an excuse and justification for occupiers 
NP -> a cultivated and free society 
NP -> drop and rain irrigation 
NP -> the eternity of the existence 
NP -> any obstacle 
NP -> france 
NP -> international relations 
NP -> a result 
NP -> the public opinion of turkey 
NP -> the nuclear negotiating group 
NP -> the transfer of customers ' claims 
NP -> his car 
NP -> the viewer 's eyes 
NP -> foreign affairs and other countries 
NP -> some religious duties 
NP -> earth times news network 
NP -> the right to return 
NP -> security forces and bodyguards 
NP -> the immaturity 
NP -> cultural variety 
NP -> correspondents and representatives of palestinian groups 
NP -> the presuppositions 
NP -> the beginning of aban 
NP -> the exit of these goods 
NP -> the international money fund 
NP -> vladimir 
NP -> the current president of lebanon 
NP -> the economy and our economy 
NP -> increase interest 
NP -> a very important measure 
NP -> clear examples 
NP -> last wednesday 
NP -> one example 
NP -> sides 
NP -> his pleasure to iraq 
NP -> this sale 
NP -> another 
NP -> alireza 
NP -> their organization 
NP -> bran of wheat 
NP -> the positions 
NP -> the west of baghdad 
NP -> the collateral from the exporter 
NP -> the alavi school 
NP -> present conditions 
NP -> ghadr night 
NP -> a thick headline on first page 
NP -> a groundwork 
NP -> the set time 
NP -> armenians since the othman government 
NP -> the iraqi soil 
NP -> the negotiations 
NP -> the performance 
NP -> an old woman 
NP -> the hygienic issues 
NP -> a more differently way 
NP -> these failures 
NP -> the governmental companies 
NP -> the statements of putin 
NP -> the welfare of these nations 
NP -> the original state 
NP -> the moon 
NP -> limits 
NP -> the date 
NP -> a relative immunity 
NP -> max 
NP -> fakhr abad and hafta 
NP -> the situations 
NP -> intended purpose 
NP -> the soap baking workshop 
NP -> the secretariat of the council 
NP -> general office 
NP -> sanction circumstances 
NP -> bardi mohamadof 
NP -> the principal cause 
NP -> stability 
NP -> the issue of scientific development 
NP -> the capitulation behavior 
NP -> my profession 
NP -> nuclear science 
NP -> the diseases 
NP -> the spring of lives 
NP -> this difficult and long way 
NP -> the manifestation 
NP -> sheik naim qassem 
NP -> the formation of work groups 
NP -> some difference 
NP -> the group 
NP -> this point of view 
NP -> ion producing rays 
NP -> the corrupted and mehdi 
NP -> bea 's 
NP -> lack of social security 
NP -> the border line 
NP -> seventh 
NP -> new statistics 
NP -> astronauts 
NP -> other diseases the liver 
NP -> the mentioned list 
NP -> the practical method 
NP -> these medications 
NP -> this humanly divine 
NP -> rug weavers of the province 
NP -> the hearing deficiency 
NP -> he this problem 
NP -> the provision 
NP -> parties and groups 
NP -> september eleventh 
NP -> provinces and cities 
NP -> an exact and a scientific planning 
NP -> civilian deaths 
NP -> the insurance company 's dispensary 
NP -> the highest effects 
NP -> price or price review clauses 
NP -> the conference of socio 
NP -> the field of hunting and nature 
NP -> the bush government 
NP -> women 's 
NP -> the channels 
NP -> national team 
NP -> chemical pollutants 
NP -> the representatives of various provinces 
NP -> the palestinian and israeli sides 
NP -> workers ' 
NP -> a standard educational system 
NP -> sacrifice and devotion revives 
NP -> the tone 
NP -> the counties 
NP -> condescension and leniency 
NP -> sama javadi 
NP -> home 
NP -> familiar poetic tradition 
NP -> an altar 
NP -> high pressure 
NP -> two gold medals 
NP -> mullah sadra dam 
NP -> these situations 
NP -> the market 
NP -> the fate of thousands of people 
NP -> many of these persons 
NP -> he 
NP -> our most important priorities 
NP -> this modification 
NP -> preservation of identity 
NP -> the reactions 
NP -> the masterpieces of bass shakvi 
NP -> uzbekistan authorities 
NP -> residence 
NP -> friends 
NP -> the cooperative 
NP -> the execution of various contracts 
NP -> a safe tablet of the quran 
NP -> the privatization process 
NP -> health , treatment and medical instruction 
NP -> nation ' 
NP -> the current discussion 
NP -> georgia and the philippines 
NP -> the diplomats 
NP -> shares in global market 
NP -> a large crowd 
NP -> the last stage 
NP -> condolences 
NP -> any more than two percent 
NP -> the general department 
NP -> this house 
NP -> the prime minister of turkey 
NP -> economic damages 
NP -> a concert 
NP -> these families 
NP -> the deceased imam 
NP -> the rising 
NP -> the fine 
NP -> the appearance of the ramadan month 
NP -> the plea 
NP -> islam and the revolution 
NP -> a comprehensive bank 
NP -> the more american forces 
NP -> a large portion 
NP -> scar tissue on that area 
NP -> a strategic weakness 
NP -> a goat 
NP -> personnel payments 
NP -> the georgian government 
NP -> one of this countries 
NP -> the nato officials 
NP -> an authority 
NP -> his loss 
NP -> turkey 's decision 
NP -> this island 
NP -> attaining energy 
NP -> iranians and ottomans 
NP -> school 
NP -> salt 
NP -> strategic studies center of asia 
NP -> the realm 
NP -> ha 
NP -> the moment the state diabetes committee 
NP -> melatonin pills 
NP -> serini vasan 
NP -> the capital of ukraine 
NP -> the collateral 
NP -> tax 
NP -> sectors 
NP -> same process 
NP -> a particular type 
NP -> the behavior of these two 
NP -> the scale of us 
NP -> the peace agreement 
NP -> mr. khosrow 
NP -> participated 
NP -> the examples of mogabe 
NP -> the pass 
NP -> islamic and iranian culture cinema 
NP -> ghas 's wife 
NP -> the source of happiness 
NP -> motaki 
NP -> the council of ministers 
NP -> the books 
NP -> iraq in line 
NP -> kindness and compassion 
NP -> the comments by putin 
NP -> mortgage provider companies 
NP -> the iraqi nation 
NP -> these efforts 
NP -> the first death 
NP -> this power plant 
NP -> the month 
NP -> these collections 
NP -> cancer properties through this research 
NP -> the surrounding borders 
NP -> the state stated '' you 
NP -> the wave 
NP -> the ignoring 
NP -> the above regions 
NP -> time and the diet 
NP -> sale 
NP -> putin 's emphases 
NP -> some desires 
NP -> hamadan trade organization 
NP -> the soul 
NP -> iraqi kurdistan region 
NP -> human life 
NP -> a subway 
NP -> universities he also says 
NP -> the insurance company 's 
NP -> yesterday afternoon 
NP -> hezbollah and resistance 
NP -> a sepehr account 
NP -> both worlds 
NP -> this substance 
NP -> deputy speaker 
NP -> its captives 
NP -> every government 
NP -> local wheat production 
NP -> a www portal 
NP -> the important regional meeting 
NP -> respect 
NP -> thinkers 
NP -> sincerity and honesty 
NP -> a small mold 
NP -> syria about the two countries relations 
NP -> a subset of this organization 
NP -> the industry the daily life 
NP -> this cooperation 
NP -> tat 
NP -> a different sweetness 
NP -> kurdisman 
NP -> export rewards 
NP -> religious issues 
NP -> the security of basra province 
NP -> other objectives 
NP -> bush petraeus 
NP -> the dimensions and outcomes 
NP -> all white balouchi attire 
NP -> a critical point 
NP -> their economical problems and activities 
NP -> food safety 
NP -> this appointment 
NP -> the decline birthrate 
NP -> a certain view 
NP -> the local cinema 
NP -> the traders 
NP -> housing of other government policies 
NP -> low light 
NP -> the council and the registration offices 
NP -> the resources available in it 
NP -> scientific development 
NP -> $ year as a sign 
NP -> major absence 
NP -> the israel security 
NP -> misters nozari and mohrabian 
NP -> the party organizations 
NP -> more than one third of them 
NP -> this en > 
NP -> oppositions of parties 
NP -> the central bank and related organizations 
NP -> the successful implementation 
NP -> customs matters 
NP -> a forcible fact 
NP -> our values 
NP -> specific organizations and people 
NP -> the fruit and vegetables 
NP -> a goal 
NP -> the better understanding 
NP -> the historical neighborhood 
NP -> the economical view 
NP -> a suitable answer 
NP -> the eradication 
NP -> e hamedani , sa'ad 
NP -> mud break and mud 
NP -> these statements 
NP -> doctor ' 
NP -> the great powers 
NP -> miler 
NP -> the rotation 
NP -> the drain 
NP -> the world of color and brush 
NP -> a long record 
NP -> currently the wheat 
NP -> the p terrorist organization 
NP -> the preservation 
NP -> agencies ' 
NP -> the aspects 
NP -> the collective activities 
NP -> a fight 
NP -> the martyr saham khayyam 
NP -> nuclear stances 
NP -> a name 
NP -> the american army 
NP -> cement and iron engineer noorbehesht 
NP -> the equal conditions 
NP -> iranian residents 
NP -> reeducate personnel 
NP -> the capital of afghanistan 
NP -> more facilities 
NP -> some freedoms 
NP -> the young phenomenon 
NP -> additional gas 
NP -> taq 
NP -> repayment and receipt 
NP -> lower price 
NP -> the headquarter 
NP -> this kind of privatization 
NP -> the provision of its security 
NP -> no third strong automobile manufacturer 
NP -> binazir buto 
NP -> level and placement 
NP -> all sides 
NP -> a more stable position 
NP -> the only ground bridge 
NP -> the difficulty america and britain 
NP -> whites against blacks or moralist westerns 
NP -> this bill 
NP -> security and stability 
NP -> this uneven competition 
NP -> pistachio 
NP -> the dangerous path 
NP -> realism and idealism in its agenda 
NP -> the cultured 
NP -> opportunity 
NP -> the cities of karaj and shahriar 
NP -> the friendship 
NP -> mesut parlak 
NP -> pictures of the environment and mine 
NP -> the required mechanism 
NP -> singapore or corporations 
NP -> blue lobby 
NP -> life ' 
NP -> the students and a healthy relationship 
NP -> this crisis and reestablishment 
NP -> these plans in addition 
NP -> the consumers 
NP -> the resolutions 
NP -> these policies 
NP -> the representative of '' abdullah 
NP -> this viewpoint 
NP -> our reporter from esfahan 
NP -> strategy 
NP -> iran code '' system 
NP -> a truck driver 
NP -> the correct pattern of consumption 
NP -> a recent meeting a special attention 
NP -> the monetary unit change 
NP -> this very sim card gift 
NP -> the part 
NP -> kurdistan region 
NP -> this site 
NP -> scientific and technological cooperation 
NP -> the first president of bolivia 
NP -> these allegations 
NP -> today ' s iran paintings 
NP -> today of the country 
NP -> universities to colleges 
NP -> bashi 
NP -> things 
NP -> a program 
NP -> the reasons 
NP -> this priority 
NP -> riano vesti news agency 
NP -> the captive 
NP -> the internet addiction disorder 
NP -> individual and social rights 
NP -> progress 
NP -> foreign enemies 
NP -> condoleezza rice 
NP -> this state official 
NP -> noble peace prize 
NP -> one roof and their lives 
NP -> an introduction 
NP -> regards of empowering these values 
NP -> important titles 
NP -> major parts 
NP -> the obstacles 
NP -> the domestic production of the country 
NP -> a pharmacist 
NP -> israeli occupying forces 
NP -> valdimir 
NP -> the autonomous organization 
NP -> hojjatoleslam va moslemeen masourdpour 
NP -> none of these 
NP -> research works 
NP -> tan 
NP -> formal officials of japan 's government 
NP -> environment organization 
NP -> five days 
NP -> the return water 
NP -> ahmad al khalifa 
NP -> barley bread 
NP -> deli 
NP -> conflict in the darfur region 
NP -> the gross domestic production 
NP -> the arrival 
NP -> the human beings ' selfishness 
NP -> recent days 
NP -> morning and afternoon 
NP -> the authorities 
NP -> no benefits 
NP -> positions 
NP -> approximately five billion dollars 
NP -> supporting democracy 
NP -> addition to rich culture of athletics 
NP -> the judiciary branch 's 
NP -> the opinion 
NP -> the mechanism of the market 
NP -> the end of it 
NP -> honor 
NP -> america 's 
NP -> computers or other visual devices 
NP -> black water 
NP -> the vice president esfandiar rahim mashayi 
NP -> the direct consumption 
NP -> religious instructions 
NP -> hayyem english 
NP -> types and sorts of sociologies 
NP -> they 
NP -> their limited number 
NP -> all great sages 
NP -> our lack of attention 
NP -> the advisor 
NP -> comfort 
NP -> an ideal image 
NP -> the time this council was established 
NP -> the increase of age of marriage 
NP -> the sale of shares among manufacturers 
NP -> turkey ' s army on thursday 
NP -> this speech 
NP -> foreign affairs of iran 
NP -> research centers 
NP -> the second option 
NP -> the leaders of sunni tribes 
NP -> mr jahanbaglou ' 
NP -> rooms 
NP -> his poetry 
NP -> barnama 
NP -> the cabinet a natural matter 
NP -> killing and vagrancy 
NP -> the issue of a statement 
NP -> everything 
NP -> qaisar 
NP -> the power of patron the great 
NP -> iraqis ' 
NP -> demands in the housing sector 
NP -> the way of presenting them 
NP -> a declaration 
NP -> day session 
NP -> iran test for india 
NP -> no authenticity 
NP -> expiring of term of bush 
NP -> the nomination 
NP -> the victory of islamic iran 
NP -> degenerate children 
NP -> the pain suffering secrets and complaints 
NP -> the reals 
NP -> no inconsistency with the constitution 
NP -> the general culture 
NP -> the lucid mirror 
NP -> such points 
NP -> a few iraqi cities 
NP -> a failure 
NP -> these cities 
NP -> qom university 
NP -> iraqi oil exports 
NP -> the head abnormally 
NP -> oroumieh , negar mohseni from tehran 
NP -> readers 
NP -> hoveyzeh 
NP -> conditions of security and stability 
NP -> these societies 
NP -> the team 
NP -> the merging of councils 
NP -> the high existing capacity 
NP -> exemplary robat karim 
NP -> this economy professor 
NP -> these games 
NP -> their year 
NP -> these complex and very difficult equations 
NP -> the first foreign car manufacturer 
NP -> alqaede and taliban 
NP -> fall of shares 
NP -> saw places 
NP -> people and fans as a gift 
NP -> the exchange 
NP -> the value of awards 
NP -> nigeria and east timor 
NP -> the iranian nuclear reality 
NP -> the iranian unknown goods 
NP -> the economic committee 
NP -> political or technical reasons 
NP -> chemical substances 
NP -> the president 's trip 
NP -> his goodness 
NP -> legitimate compulsion 
NP -> this country 
NP -> the excessive population increase 
NP -> threats and animosities of great powers 
NP -> the interior 
NP -> shahnameh reading 
NP -> the managing 
NP -> north 
NP -> the spring 
NP -> ` ard attarpour ' 
NP -> the funds for non 
NP -> residents of planets 
NP -> his contemporary governments 
NP -> managing director and general manager 
NP -> the hours 
NP -> the vice president 
NP -> fundamental sciences and clinical sciences 
NP -> a fighting asian country 
NP -> santour 
NP -> his second term of presidency 
NP -> the minister of foreign affairs 
NP -> the association ' s office 
NP -> white color 
NP -> minot 
NP -> the times 
NP -> the israeli side 
NP -> fetal defects 
NP -> the guiding plan 
NP -> the enforcement organizations 
NP -> the acceleration of privatization 
NP -> the rate existing 
NP -> the season 
NP -> stark 
NP -> teacher training 
NP -> rascals and ruffians 
NP -> the natives ' rights 
NP -> agreement 
NP -> the bordering countries 
NP -> accounting 
NP -> helicopter line 
NP -> another side confronted each other 
NP -> the guardianship of the jurisprudent 
NP -> his counterparts 
NP -> a coherent planning 
NP -> these terms 
NP -> angela merker 
NP -> dr. ahmadinejad 
NP -> tuberculosis . 
NP -> sarkozy and politicians 
NP -> the people 's republic 
NP -> all poets 
NP -> the first deputy of the president 
NP -> the specific situation 
NP -> morvarid 
NP -> part 
NP -> a tragedy 
NP -> our duty 
NP -> official cessation of violence 
NP -> her highness fatima zahra ( 
NP -> news network 
NP -> the interior affairs 
NP -> the national anthems 
NP -> wrestling ' s supreme goals 
NP -> the files 
NP -> baku of the republic of azerbaijan 
NP -> his photographs 
NP -> turkey said '' i 
NP -> the affairs of the survivors 
NP -> action on time 
NP -> a small part 
NP -> babel 
NP -> its position 
NP -> the sand storm 
NP -> mass constructors 
NP -> the market of saffron 
NP -> ranking staffs 
NP -> apparent hero 
NP -> palestinian captives 
NP -> fallon 
NP -> dr. sobuti 
NP -> dialogue 
NP -> american ambassador in iraq rayon croker 
NP -> the fundamentals of the central bank 
NP -> a defect 
NP -> the remarkable point 
NP -> various locations 
NP -> painting , carpentry and blacksmithing 
NP -> the vegetable 
NP -> the crime 
NP -> houshyar zibari 
NP -> the blood of the martyrs 
NP -> democracy and human rights 
NP -> lives 
NP -> the path 
NP -> chen 
NP -> the margins of the persian gulf 
NP -> reporters in rasht 
NP -> the side effects of overusing pesticides 
NP -> the writer literature 
NP -> k . 
NP -> deficit 
NP -> this point of time 
NP -> aqsa mosque 
NP -> supply 
NP -> a smaller group of us 
NP -> tumult and uproar of sanction 
NP -> the growth in demand 
NP -> bordhan , senior leaders 
NP -> the great and critical significance 
NP -> the applicants 
NP -> the former president '' ahmet 
NP -> letters 
NP -> the pullout 
NP -> none of the u.s. presidents 
NP -> a weak explosion 
NP -> holders 
NP -> the age of soviets 
NP -> hanieh 
NP -> england and general '' ashfaq kiani 
NP -> a crisis 
NP -> the shiite poets 
NP -> civilian victims 
NP -> all great poets 
NP -> fundamental characteristics 
NP -> war and rain 
NP -> achievement of nuclear technology 
NP -> a constitution 
NP -> a perfect model 
NP -> housing 
NP -> continuing view 
NP -> the disposition 
NP -> the disposal of related province 
NP -> the result of these studies 
NP -> an invitation 
NP -> a different price 
NP -> the leaders of islamic countries 
NP -> hard working players 
NP -> estimates 
NP -> mohammad al 
NP -> mr ahmadinejad 
NP -> our programs 
NP -> the tool 
NP -> the danish newspaper 
NP -> addowrah 
NP -> the acts 
NP -> these figures 
NP -> a history - making event 
NP -> thailand 's 
NP -> a great reduction 
NP -> the attitude 
NP -> the banking structure of the country 
NP -> a sinful action 
NP -> the sedition of the enemies 
NP -> moslem nations and shiites 
NP -> various parties 
NP -> discussions 
NP -> the bombardments 
NP -> other abnormalities 
NP -> a carrier of the disease 
NP -> economic 
NP -> a piece of sugar 
NP -> the most important distinction 
NP -> the relatives 
NP -> city of zahedan 
NP -> the help of a rail fleet 
NP -> trucks for quickly transferred to hospital 
NP -> syria 's boundaries 
NP -> saffron 
NP -> the divine word 
NP -> smart manipulation 
NP -> kazem shirazi 
NP -> this conference mahmoud 
NP -> a proud and valued tradition 
NP -> the assistant 
NP -> an inspiration 
NP -> valuable intellectual and emotional potentials 
NP -> the friendly resolving 
NP -> this in sport radio 
NP -> access 
NP -> the inner ear 
NP -> the coach 
NP -> the counsel 
NP -> majid 
NP -> the reason injury 
NP -> srebrenica and the districts 
NP -> morteza avini , mahmoudvand , 
NP -> the increasing growth 
NP -> this system 
NP -> the most important strategies 
NP -> limited numbers 
NP -> the traditional cities 
NP -> rise 
NP -> the yesterday 's negotiations 
NP -> heat 
NP -> way problems 
NP -> the rebuilding 
NP -> mothers 
NP -> these problems , haven ' t 
NP -> no proper groundwork 
NP -> twenty 
NP -> moezipour 
NP -> general keisy 
NP -> major reformist 
NP -> two men 
NP -> the voters of mid elections 
NP -> required systems 
NP -> an ancient tradition 
NP -> the resolution of the palestinian issue 
NP -> simultaneous 
NP -> the terms 
NP -> technical services and engineering 
NP -> damages 
NP -> devotee day 
NP -> louis 
NP -> the state ' s economy 
NP -> this visit hojjat al 
NP -> the swiss embassy 
NP -> a weak explosion beside the road 
NP -> the prophet of islam 
NP -> the other positive incidents 
NP -> his government 
NP -> daybreak 
NP -> the enemy 's 
NP -> the transactions 
NP -> tehrani and hanie tavassoli 
NP -> the formation of the cabinet 
NP -> the key 
NP -> the internet 
NP -> the central african republic 
NP -> a widespread confusion 
NP -> the unilateral economic sanctions against iran 
NP -> an honor 
NP -> these cards 
NP -> the city province 
NP -> much time 
NP -> the government of japan 
NP -> the hands of your admirers 
NP -> a model 
NP -> a harsh approach 
NP -> the defense minister of france 
NP -> another positive achievement 
NP -> the similarity of such experience 
NP -> the islamic human rights commission 
NP -> iran the name of mahmud kaveh 
NP -> its way 
NP -> a speaker 
NP -> the late bahaaddin adab 
NP -> the turkish ambassador from washington 
NP -> iran usual and natural matter 
NP -> the case aaza 
NP -> the industry benefit 
NP -> recent terrorist incidents 
NP -> satisfaction and receiption of football fans 
NP -> the noticeable increase 
NP -> veterans of darab 
NP -> a good game with pegah gilan 
NP -> their different beneficial properties 
NP -> the present era 
NP -> samie al 
NP -> employers ' participation 
NP -> january american forces 
NP -> a technical and legal affair 
NP -> cobalt 
NP -> their operation 
NP -> these two periods 
NP -> the region saddam 
NP -> a simple crane 
NP -> abundant opportunities 
NP -> the force 
NP -> ethnic minorities 
NP -> martyr 
NP -> the dictator saddam 
NP -> pathological gambling disorder 
NP -> the position 
NP -> one third food 
NP -> saturday evening 
NP -> professional directors 
NP -> the nearing 
NP -> projects ' progress 
NP -> its own specific missile shield 
NP -> kerman 's women 's 
NP -> the civil engineer system 
NP -> the position of india 's government 
NP -> this round of registration 
NP -> the house 
NP -> one third children 
NP -> independent countries and parts 
NP -> the minister of labor 
NP -> all symptoms and opinion polls 
NP -> the relation of people 
NP -> planning and proper orientation 
NP -> the unity of muslims 
NP -> appropriate baking 
NP -> the manifestation of affection 
NP -> the enemy ' s heart 
NP -> the list of terrorist organizations 
NP -> step 
NP -> all values of turkey 
NP -> rouh 
NP -> the market for animal oil 
NP -> basij 
NP -> clinton paul volfowitz 
NP -> the general manager of kohgiluye bowayr 
NP -> a building 
NP -> the economic reporter 
NP -> this matter completed 
NP -> the $ year land 
NP -> the man 
NP -> foreign affair 
NP -> the position of roads 
NP -> its fake nation 
NP -> force 
NP -> democratic people 's republic of korea 
NP -> both sides 
NP -> the necessary documents 
NP -> the agent of bombing 
NP -> all types of harsh behavior 
NP -> foreign banks ' 
NP -> this matter in itself 
NP -> this province en > 
NP -> depression 
NP -> two civilized countries 
NP -> a lesser role 
NP -> wednesday reporters at khoy airport 
NP -> united states 
NP -> arabic and islamic countries 
NP -> the son power 
NP -> east shores 
NP -> the probability of an increase 
NP -> the goods 
NP -> the last minutes 
NP -> this pole 
NP -> the egg of the parasites 
NP -> the russian center 
NP -> all the centers of this company 
NP -> certainty 
NP -> the permeability 
NP -> the film 
NP -> the occupation 
NP -> assassination 
NP -> insecurity in the world 
NP -> hotel owners 
NP -> its execution and implementation 
NP -> the executive organizations 
NP -> feisal al 
NP -> industries and mines of iran 
NP -> this social culture from the start 
NP -> agencies ' reporters and correspondents 
NP -> joshan prayer 
NP -> mehraban 
NP -> the government and people 
NP -> reforms in the public sector 
NP -> courageous people 
NP -> hojjatoleslam va moslemeen 
NP -> this two 
NP -> the modification 
NP -> the six films of m 
NP -> local authorities 
NP -> the cultural heritage 
NP -> the capital 
NP -> the russian president to iran 
NP -> the kind of activity 
NP -> artisans 
NP -> the president jalal talebani 
NP -> other reports 
NP -> france tosen holidays 
NP -> tallal naji 
NP -> no program 
NP -> director of switzerland 's federal energy 
NP -> the resistance and precautions 
NP -> a special attention 
NP -> security efforts 
NP -> new research on basic cells 
NP -> hinduism 
NP -> k ' 
NP -> eighteen teams of the super league 
NP -> the statistics of exports and imports 
NP -> the hands of this robot 
NP -> brown in this talk 
NP -> this devoted stratum 
NP -> the fourth discussion between iran 
NP -> clean climates 
NP -> these measures and disrespectful acts 
NP -> laws 
NP -> the indian sources 
NP -> the concerned goods of the basket 
NP -> certain plans 
NP -> this theme 
NP -> mozzafareddin-shah 's trip to europe 
NP -> these developments 
NP -> social service 
NP -> boshniacs 
NP -> the speaker of the coalition headquarters 
NP -> accuracy 
NP -> national level 
NP -> greenhouse and meaty plants 
NP -> the definition 
NP -> the multiplicity of the supervision 
NP -> the smell 
NP -> commanding good 
NP -> the presence of you 
NP -> a festivity 
NP -> the united states senate committee armed 
NP -> pakistan ' s territory 
NP -> balanced sufficient quantities of healthy food 
NP -> this necessity 
NP -> i love iran 
NP -> such permission 
NP -> the size of today 's apartments 
NP -> the announcements 
NP -> the military coup the non 
NP -> the correction of the leaders 
NP -> the realization 
NP -> a possible examination 
NP -> an issue 
NP -> moment 
NP -> the number of the actors 
NP -> their only problem 
NP -> the transfer 
NP -> self defense 
NP -> the opposite party 
NP -> different circles 
NP -> the general council of united nations 
NP -> the methods 
NP -> such coin sewing 
NP -> the reprocessing 
NP -> the expert power the team 
NP -> views of syrian and iraqi sides 
NP -> the word of privatization 
NP -> the next two or three years 
NP -> these competitions 
NP -> political development expanding civic and political 
NP -> the starting point 
NP -> the most important cabinet 
NP -> a candidate for presidency 
NP -> the mentioned committee 
NP -> an essential matter 
NP -> the then president 's 
NP -> this writer 
NP -> a faster exit 
NP -> the third space walk of astronauts 
NP -> the balance 
NP -> jiechi china 's 
NP -> power arrangement 
NP -> traffic limits 
NP -> a patient 
NP -> propaganda and communicating 
NP -> hidden acts 
NP -> tradings for stock market indexes 
NP -> the emersion 
NP -> the corporations 
NP -> the envoy of hezbollah secretary general 
NP -> other countries in such fairs 
NP -> fluidity of shares 
NP -> tv channels 
NP -> the daily life 
NP -> author of the time 
NP -> blacks or moralist westerns 
NP -> the inception of the constitutionalist movement 
NP -> this position of india 
NP -> the domestic consumers 
NP -> uranium fuel 
NP -> bhutto and '' musharraf 
NP -> continuation of his speech 
NP -> a veterinarian and the deficiency 
NP -> a property deal 
NP -> its affiliate newspapers and websites 
NP -> bhutto hours 
NP -> the market for flight fatigue 
NP -> a dearth 
NP -> the human rights office 
NP -> low light contamination 
NP -> all agreements 
NP -> a school 
NP -> the industry 
NP -> the province of gilan 
NP -> the climate change crisis 
NP -> the sums 
NP -> a stream of blood 
NP -> the u.s. policies in the region 
NP -> institutional capacities 
NP -> professor jim horne director 
NP -> these sources for importing consumer merchandise 
NP -> reparatory problems 
NP -> the secretary high commission 
NP -> some regional disputes 
NP -> lahood 
NP -> the domain of pricing 
NP -> quarn 
NP -> uthman 
NP -> the only effect 
NP -> files 
NP -> the name of democracy 
NP -> the comprehensive padman agreement 
NP -> a block authorization 
NP -> stricter laws 
NP -> normalization of relationship 
NP -> the nomination of zubkov 
NP -> no authority over its southern province 
NP -> the follow 
NP -> peaceful use 
NP -> the solar panels of the two 
NP -> saudi arabia ' s plan 
NP -> sexual abuse 
NP -> two angels 
NP -> not much water 
NP -> something which one seeks refuge 
NP -> different prices 
NP -> the accusation of insulting 
NP -> great britain 's markets 
NP -> the needs of the audience 
NP -> ghadimi one 
NP -> another common aspect 
NP -> breast cancer 
NP -> a long time 
NP -> the first deputy president 
NP -> gunfire 
NP -> an image 
NP -> union 
NP -> the interests 
NP -> bolivia 
NP -> six weeks of sand storm 
NP -> the relationship of trade and investment 
NP -> another pleasure and another meaning 
NP -> the making 
NP -> the dose 
NP -> a source of in this section 
NP -> justice shares agency 
NP -> the transcribed text 
NP -> an antiwar woman ' s attack 
NP -> the counsel of imam 
NP -> complete information about its captives 
NP -> the publications 
NP -> the missions and responsibilities 
NP -> a bad face 
NP -> all his being fought and roared 
NP -> the indian frontiers 
NP -> creation 
NP -> an introductory 
NP -> its interference 
NP -> executing plans 
NP -> their fitness and ability 
NP -> their shares 
NP -> the thief 
NP -> counter terrorism 
NP -> tension 
NP -> public pressure in regard 
NP -> the experts and politicians 
NP -> vast aspects 
NP -> its own american democratic revolution 
NP -> all jewish tribe 
NP -> the city council 
NP -> some of qaisar ' s students 
NP -> new thoughts and modern thinking 
NP -> one of che 's friends 
NP -> the mortification 
NP -> southern areas 
NP -> the head of the household 
NP -> washington post 
NP -> the country in the future 
NP -> the country 's administrative system 
NP -> the great soprano singer of italy 
NP -> one year 
NP -> thirst 
NP -> the heat absorbed form the environment 
NP -> the sick 
NP -> bridges 
NP -> peaceful scientific and nuclear achievements 
NP -> this avesta goudarzi 
NP -> the forces of the people 
NP -> national intelligence organization of america 
NP -> general jorge 
NP -> artistic plasterworks 
NP -> the principles 
NP -> commander hejazi 
NP -> insurrection 
NP -> nassrollah barzani 
NP -> washington 's return to pre 
NP -> close comrades and friends 
NP -> industry supply 
NP -> a cotton cloth 
NP -> a corner 
NP -> operation of poldasht 
NP -> the very high capacities 
NP -> popular television series 
NP -> the enemy 's plots and plans 
NP -> bombing 
NP -> the unity of iraq and support 
NP -> shares among manufacturers 
NP -> realist politicians on politics 
NP -> the villages 
NP -> a war of all against all 
NP -> the ilk 
NP -> terms of wealth and capital 
NP -> the only power 
NP -> members , economic projects 
NP -> more this pigment 
NP -> airplanes helicopters 
NP -> his holiness ayatollah 
NP -> world bank 
NP -> the main point 
NP -> the face 
NP -> the automobiles 
NP -> a big budget 
NP -> the new mayor of bistoun 
NP -> iran , afghanistan and pakistan 
NP -> the internet base 
NP -> the us secretary of state 
NP -> a concise and summary manner 
NP -> a small blessing and mercy 
NP -> such figures 
NP -> the domain of science evaluation 
NP -> the common language 
NP -> iraq and support 
NP -> the cultural and military fields 
NP -> refugees ' return 
NP -> always the quick route 
NP -> such as tarikh 
NP -> response to the reporters ' question 
NP -> some different stories 
NP -> the extended military attack 
NP -> year international tourism fair 
NP -> evening suicide bombing on kabul 
NP -> no threat 
NP -> the judicial system 
NP -> her interviews 
NP -> two main refineries 
NP -> clergies organization in the army 
NP -> some developments and changes 
NP -> the hearts 
NP -> uzbekistan 's opposition 
NP -> places close to the installations 
NP -> produced fish 
NP -> the extraterritorial fighting against drugs organizations 
NP -> minorities 
NP -> the uselessness of sanctions against iran 
NP -> culture assembly 
NP -> los angeles 
NP -> memorandum 
NP -> marine installations 
NP -> exported gas of iran 
NP -> iranians and other world nations 
NP -> the last year 
NP -> relief 
NP -> the central bank and decision 
NP -> too one 
NP -> seven eight guys 
NP -> the historical rights 
NP -> basis 
NP -> colon cancer scientists 
NP -> the future stage 
NP -> the horror film '' collection 
NP -> the historical reformers 
NP -> the japan international tourism fair 
NP -> nato ` s presence 
NP -> the religious forces 
NP -> connection with their counterparts 
NP -> effect on economic variables 
NP -> the next phase of this conference 
NP -> southern serbia 
NP -> the intelligence police 
NP -> a plan complaints 
NP -> the main tourism destinations for tourists 
NP -> economic plans which have economic justification 
NP -> the english security authorities 
NP -> education and research 
NP -> the hours of evening 
NP -> the side 
NP -> details 
NP -> the public 
NP -> governmental economy 
NP -> the site 's work 
NP -> role 
NP -> fact ventured in a new 
NP -> the students 
NP -> the coach and former player 
NP -> michele montas '' speakesman 
NP -> oil painting 
NP -> the concept 
NP -> five palestinians 
NP -> almost every movie 
NP -> exchange for selflessness 
NP -> the digestion system 
NP -> cancers 
NP -> december of the current year 
NP -> a poll 
NP -> the big absence 
NP -> methods and approaches 
NP -> any observer 
NP -> the joint staff of turkish army 
NP -> the commemoration gathering 
NP -> grounds 
NP -> his obedience mandatory 
NP -> the eight 
NP -> the banquet 
NP -> university students 
NP -> a connecting point 
NP -> a strong and influential iran 
NP -> its industrializing way 
NP -> the meantime ankara 
NP -> the title for the iranian cinema 
NP -> its higher military power 
NP -> irrigation complex 
NP -> god and obedience 
NP -> the forgetting 
NP -> cultural attack 
NP -> the society an undeniable necessity 
NP -> this report physicians 
NP -> many authorities 
NP -> multiplicity 
NP -> strange blessings 
NP -> this regard sessions with some industrialists 
NP -> the adopted security 
NP -> development bank 
NP -> political ideological organization 
NP -> the boycotting office of israeli goods 
NP -> small seasonal fluctuations 
NP -> a significant decrease 
NP -> political reasons of russia 
NP -> the whiteness 
NP -> the joint aim 
NP -> o credits 
NP -> the granting 
NP -> financial and investment markets 
NP -> different learning and training issues 
NP -> the quarn 
NP -> physician for treatment 
NP -> the auctions 
NP -> information and press general department 
NP -> iraq and somalia 
NP -> islam shahr 
NP -> gharz - al - hasaneh 
NP -> derivatives as well costs 
NP -> central bank resources on inflation rate 
NP -> the domain 
NP -> a pole 
NP -> the absence 
NP -> his problems 
NP -> the correct way 
NP -> the past i 
NP -> islamic of iran 
NP -> presence in iran 
NP -> cultural heritage 
NP -> my reasons for you 
NP -> the national security 
NP -> the management of these institutions 
NP -> the general secretary 
NP -> the social functioning 
NP -> babak afghahi ' saturday afternoon 
NP -> the previous announcement 
NP -> his separation 
NP -> people of this region 
NP -> the permanence 
NP -> a suitable location 
NP -> half a glass 
NP -> fuller 
NP -> the conference 
NP -> its rights ready any 
NP -> five 
NP -> foreign powers 
NP -> energy , environment 
NP -> a specified supervisor for this zone 
NP -> the foreign minister of luxemburg 
NP -> some of india 
NP -> such ties 
NP -> civil services bill 
NP -> the spokesperson of the foreign ministry 
NP -> hamedan 's teams 
NP -> a big gas field 
NP -> the southeastern part 
NP -> shortage 
NP -> the following week 
NP -> our people 
NP -> the banknote 
NP -> the continuation of negotiations 
NP -> regulations 
NP -> high humane and ethical principles 
NP -> the stagnancy 
NP -> the candidate 
NP -> long talks 
NP -> the echoes of this category 
NP -> security for all 
NP -> the continuation of this report 
NP -> the glass 
NP -> the scientific board of qom university 
NP -> highway and quadr 
NP -> this same place 
NP -> i thank kayhan 
NP -> some tricks 
NP -> this striker 
NP -> saw places reconstruction is allowed 
NP -> industrial housing production 
NP -> a military presence in these zones 
NP -> the executive structure 
NP -> iran 's leaders 
NP -> the new mayor 
NP -> the cooperation sector 
NP -> each other 
NP -> resistance 
NP -> strong supervision 
NP -> the first managers 
NP -> a positive assessment 
NP -> shaha 's house 
NP -> many economic experts 
NP -> psychological health in universities 
NP -> newspapers and publications 
NP -> public opinion 
NP -> a few points 
NP -> the nature of the zionist regime 
NP -> the other members present 
NP -> bahrain ' s foreign affairs minister 
NP -> the twisting 
NP -> economic projects 
NP -> the high level 
NP -> the extremists 
NP -> four sides 
NP -> information experts of self protection 
NP -> further partnership in this regard 
NP -> social cost 
NP -> this holy month 
NP -> the harsh ways 
NP -> the retaining wall 
NP -> term comprehensive solution 
NP -> the caspian summit conference 
NP -> the export products 
NP -> credit sim cards 
NP -> a more role 
NP -> the whiteness of the day 
NP -> khordad of the next year 
NP -> this liberal culture which defend 
NP -> three points 
NP -> visbaden 
NP -> joint venture of the city province 
NP -> this important strategic spot 
NP -> a change in policy 
NP -> this blasphemous issue 
NP -> the water resources management 
NP -> the industrial countries 
NP -> promise and action 
NP -> her characteristics 
NP -> english abbreviations 
NP -> governments in consuming countries 
NP -> the nations of the world struggle 
NP -> their latest services 
NP -> issue orders 
NP -> escape spots 
NP -> putin russia 's president 
NP -> local melodies 
NP -> challenges and opportunities 
NP -> val arz 
NP -> another group in isfahan 
NP -> the most 
NP -> the democrats 
NP -> the first deputy 
NP -> the other cultural programs 
NP -> a six week sandstorm 
NP -> some regions 
NP -> intellectualism 's reaction 
NP -> the country of england 
NP -> the debate 
NP -> mr. keyhaninejad 's 
NP -> thailand 's traditional sweets 
NP -> a fundamental difference 
NP -> the protestors 
NP -> industrial free zones 
NP -> contradiction between promise and action 
NP -> the years 
NP -> monotheism and worship 
NP -> the agenda 
NP -> the enemies 
NP -> manucherhr motaki 
NP -> his excellency dr. reza moadab > 
NP -> a powerful nation 
NP -> barksdale 
NP -> the traffic limits 
NP -> his / 
NP -> sweden embassy in tehran 
NP -> ghesouri 
NP -> decline of the russian military 
NP -> mohammadi 
NP -> the joint speech 
NP -> the cleaning 
NP -> the recent talks 
NP -> opec production 
NP -> a statue 
NP -> the fourth switches 
NP -> talighani 
NP -> report isna 
NP -> the relation and interaction 
NP -> mousa abu marzook 
NP -> interests in a market 
NP -> the first official meetings 
NP -> wastes 
NP -> the relations and contact 
NP -> the negotiations between iran and america 
NP -> two to zero 
NP -> this cinematographer 's endeavors 
NP -> the existing current relations 
NP -> faride sepah mansour 
NP -> cohen 's '' paradigmatic view 
NP -> a scientific congress 
NP -> saffar harandi 
NP -> its relationship 
NP -> two words 
NP -> its logistic 
NP -> the iraqi people 's 
NP -> dollars 
NP -> egypt 
NP -> clear sky 
NP -> antiperspirants 
NP -> the dark clouds , shone 
NP -> world economy agency 
NP -> the residents of these planets 
NP -> several letters of economic agreements 
NP -> an absolute ruler 
NP -> the fortieth day 
NP -> their operations 
NP -> agricultural and livestock products 
NP -> inner morals and complications 
NP -> quran becoming the addressee of god 
NP -> characteristics 
NP -> the finished product 
NP -> the reign 
NP -> the leaders of fatah and hamas 
NP -> medical services of iran 
NP -> economic strategy 
NP -> the federation 
NP -> the maids 
NP -> course figures 
NP -> a background 
NP -> a prosperous country 
NP -> the interference of antiriot police 
NP -> armed robberies 
NP -> security , brotherhood and friendship '' 
NP -> return facilities 
NP -> the russian federation 
NP -> iran 's admission 
NP -> the ceremonies 
NP -> people 's strong ties 
NP -> his camera 
NP -> andalib , attar and mohammadinejad 
NP -> the arisen problem 
NP -> the arab countries 
NP -> central asian countries 
NP -> the situation in iraq 
NP -> a positive competition 
NP -> korean hostages 
NP -> beans 
NP -> certainty of the electronic commerce 
NP -> this force 
NP -> hepatitis 
NP -> the regulation 
NP -> the wasting 
NP -> internal affairs and future pakistani elections 
NP -> representative assembly of this country 
NP -> the means 
NP -> alexander shomilin 
NP -> two evident characteristics 
NP -> the regime occupying jerusalem 
NP -> the continued existence of reformist thoughts 
NP -> other destinations 
NP -> all the needs 
NP -> poland 
NP -> three years 
NP -> the shareholders 
NP -> the terrace 
NP -> the summits of power 
NP -> the incident 
NP -> various ceremonies 
NP -> no special requirements 
NP -> a third current 
NP -> southeastern areas 
NP -> this match zoran gajic 
NP -> the ruling government 
NP -> the minister of culture 
NP -> the main issues 
NP -> enactments 
NP -> the agency 
NP -> the completion 
NP -> this issue and negotiations 
NP -> bad hijab and combating rascals 
NP -> azarbayjan 
NP -> other congresses 
NP -> strategic experts 
NP -> any kinds 
NP -> mr. hashemi 
NP -> itartus 
NP -> goal 
NP -> the volleyball competitions 
NP -> these red lines 
NP -> all kinds 
NP -> stage 
NP -> few human beings 
NP -> a bad effect on the economy 
NP -> twenty third nights 
NP -> lychak 
NP -> the investment market 
NP -> iraq ' s kurdistan democrat party 
NP -> block trading 
NP -> possibility 
NP -> the missile defense 
NP -> their original state 
NP -> prisoner 's families 
NP -> the soil 
NP -> first one person 
NP -> the first weight 
NP -> the prayers of ramadan 
NP -> tenet 
NP -> afghanistan to plant poppy seeds 
NP -> this pride to appear 
NP -> the time of theoretical debates 
NP -> the first half of this year 
NP -> ferdowsi university 
NP -> a medal 
NP -> the american soldiers 
NP -> numerous councils 
NP -> shariati street 
NP -> growth centers 
NP -> the central towns of every province 
NP -> front of me and you 
NP -> national company of gas exportation 
NP -> new demands 
NP -> mottaki 
NP -> abjectness and humiliation 
NP -> real filmmaking 
NP -> the costs 
NP -> the demand 
NP -> these operations 
NP -> general mosharaf ` s view point 
NP -> these individual problems 
NP -> three to five drops 
NP -> the massive problems of countries 
NP -> all indexes of culture 
NP -> osameh najifi 
NP -> this crime 
NP -> gradual of shares 
NP -> bojnurd city 
NP -> a legal obstacle for confrontation 
NP -> major 
NP -> atieh states 
NP -> this social culture 
NP -> the west ' s unity 
NP -> the neighborhood 
NP -> addicts 
NP -> the honor to meet us 
NP -> these loopholes 
NP -> travels 
NP -> khoramdareh planning committee 
NP -> other islamic countries 
NP -> their differences 
NP -> the former blocks 
NP -> pilgrims and admirers 
NP -> glass making , blanket weaving 
NP -> wartime period 
NP -> great powers 
NP -> the ideological message 
NP -> path 
NP -> shahnameh which has been lost 
NP -> some projects 
NP -> charged cards in the market 
NP -> the increase in the petroleum price 
NP -> many cases exercising really 
NP -> not only 
NP -> the first islamic centuries 
NP -> the decision taken 
NP -> a mediator 
NP -> selected american veterans on tuesday 
NP -> the current existing communications 
NP -> five victories 
NP -> india ' s relation 
NP -> revelation works on the media 
NP -> the specialized bread subsidy 
NP -> too some restaurants 
NP -> men 
NP -> washington of intervention 
NP -> non inclusion of caviar 
NP -> the very beginning islam 
NP -> a negative propaganda environment 
NP -> india 
NP -> several experts 
NP -> many banks and companies 
NP -> the japanese cabinet 
NP -> the problems of the micro industries 
NP -> the serious impairment 
NP -> quarn and students university students 
NP -> the cement factory in construction 
NP -> my father 's death cell 
NP -> the danger and the serious disease 
NP -> his thefts 
NP -> minister of defense 
NP -> ghadir petrochemical plan 
NP -> the fields and new conception 
NP -> tezipi ioni 
NP -> the foreign investment organization i promise 
NP -> return 
NP -> a splendorous presence 
NP -> general information 
NP -> hazrat 
NP -> these explorers 
NP -> the growths in demand and increase 
NP -> a more appropriate position 
NP -> empty 
NP -> dusk 
NP -> these words 
NP -> the result of imam sadegh 
NP -> the edifice of the tomb 
NP -> a number of historical speeches 
NP -> the west corner 
NP -> advantage of '' multiple harmonics 
NP -> the petty sellers 
NP -> the national level 
NP -> pars automobile 
NP -> exporters 
NP -> the opening ceremony 
NP -> the name of those provinces 
NP -> this injection 
NP -> accordance 
NP -> war eras 
NP -> imam sadegh 
NP -> tens of thousands of dollars 
NP -> some basic points 
NP -> reality shows 
NP -> the associated press 
NP -> banks in iran 
NP -> the contents of this book 
NP -> the world history 
NP -> a real estate 
NP -> new research 
NP -> jungles and caves 
NP -> imperialism 
NP -> any problems 
NP -> the ghajar era 
NP -> medical instruction 
NP -> the establishment of economics police 
NP -> especially members 
NP -> colleges 
NP -> humans whose life report card 
NP -> suez canal 
NP -> reports by irna 
NP -> sand storm 
NP -> the justice - 
NP -> chief of the army 
NP -> the water 
NP -> the treatment 
NP -> money and credit council 
NP -> administrative council 
NP -> compilation 
NP -> central asia region and afghanistan 
NP -> the relation schools 
NP -> a diet 
NP -> their viewpoint 
NP -> information regarding it 
NP -> the owners of industries 
NP -> clergies organization 
NP -> $ year and achieving 
NP -> this software 
NP -> professor abolfazl msafa 
NP -> these indigent people 
NP -> this disease 
NP -> this unit 
NP -> development costs 
NP -> touch with us 
NP -> the millennium 
NP -> escape 
NP -> palestine 's islamic jihad movement 
NP -> the central bank of turkey 
NP -> the prevention 
NP -> the industries and mines 
NP -> cooperation and resolution 
NP -> the recent visit of brown 
NP -> the high teachings 
NP -> the artist 
NP -> iranian parties 
NP -> the global oppression 
NP -> secret negotiations 
NP -> this level 
NP -> the treaty 
NP -> the effective methods 
NP -> these kinds 
NP -> the prayer of joushan 
NP -> the second measure 
NP -> domestic and foreign news agencies 
NP -> his team 
NP -> transportation and goods discharge 
NP -> our most authentic villages 
NP -> major of zahedan 
NP -> saturday 
NP -> an industrial level 
NP -> the ambassador 
NP -> the disappointment of foreign supervisors 
NP -> the recommendation of the organization 
NP -> the reflection of putin 
NP -> the disease chronic 
NP -> the imam 's high ideals 
NP -> the announced ranges 
NP -> its independence 
NP -> the exclusive power 
NP -> reagan 
NP -> the banking order of the country 
NP -> these comments 
NP -> a temporary core 
NP -> deterioration 
NP -> pocket hold honey in mouth 
NP -> a gross mistake 
NP -> computers 
NP -> the obligations of istanbul 
NP -> mehr press 
NP -> the fact 
NP -> russia 's situation 
NP -> health department 
NP -> putin 's visit 
NP -> the population distribution 
NP -> the most optimistic theoreticians 
NP -> their elders 
NP -> kereshka '' nuclear power plant 
NP -> some analysts 
NP -> enthusiastic presence 
NP -> international conditions 
NP -> india and iran 
NP -> all members 
NP -> the past and the future 
NP -> the same situation 
NP -> employement 
NP -> the former commander 
NP -> the racism 
NP -> any special kind 
NP -> the winner of the match 
NP -> the present contract 
NP -> tappeh sar 
NP -> the sending of payman akbari 
NP -> the opinion public 
NP -> important sources of vitamin a 
NP -> the ministry of foreign affairs 
NP -> a single tremulous level of molecule 
NP -> jahan shab zharfi 
NP -> a trip to thailand 
NP -> the iranian brothers 
NP -> this markets 
NP -> the other point 
NP -> firing tear gas 
NP -> the election of european parliament 
NP -> the passengers and tourists 
NP -> a delegation of european union 
NP -> america and middle 
NP -> her daughter 
NP -> bank 's 
NP -> the iranian wheat exportation 
NP -> human rights and cultural variety 
NP -> this fund 's 
NP -> the present year 
NP -> the positions of poland 
NP -> the security council 
NP -> isipo 
NP -> america ' s international weakness 
NP -> this decrease 
NP -> the united nations peace - keepers 
NP -> the territorial integrity and holy system 
NP -> various affairs 
NP -> skills in all professional classes 
NP -> contact 
NP -> the thoughts 
NP -> purchase 
NP -> the parthian and qajar periods 
NP -> this report 
NP -> concert 
NP -> geneva 
NP -> the lack of development 
NP -> a louver wall 
NP -> these aggressions 
NP -> one topic 
NP -> planning and prediction 
NP -> the users 
NP -> sound management 
NP -> the difference 
NP -> substitute of defense minister of bush 
NP -> iraqi groups 
NP -> a feeling and imagination 
NP -> computer literacy 
NP -> the fourth child 
NP -> the commanders of p 
NP -> the american center 
NP -> the money and credit council 
NP -> hdtv 
NP -> the oldest theaters 
NP -> every moment 
NP -> eco 's perspective bill 
NP -> infection 
NP -> pocket 
NP -> his verse traditional or radical 
NP -> the honorable prophet of islam 
NP -> a more serious confrontation 
NP -> house stuff 
NP -> the loss of interest 
NP -> personality 
NP -> cube insert 
NP -> iran on oil price 
NP -> the technology of producing nuclear fuel 
NP -> director office 
NP -> nuclear programs 
NP -> the summits 
NP -> political leaders 
NP -> the basis 
NP -> the mask 
NP -> reality arguments 
NP -> spite of the fact 
NP -> mortazavi stated transportation and green spaces 
NP -> security measures 
NP -> america 's goal 
NP -> tuberculosis . in other words 
NP -> american forces from iraq 
NP -> this treaty 
NP -> their goods 
NP -> political , security and military threats 
NP -> women in parliament 
NP -> every society 
NP -> trade development organization 
NP -> the united nations general secretary 
NP -> year meaning the time 
NP -> yes this 
NP -> no specific view 
NP -> all fields 
NP -> yazidian tribe 
NP -> doctor ali 
NP -> fetal defect 
NP -> exacting and precise standards 
NP -> appropriate facilities such as informative systems 
NP -> the descent 
NP -> the reduction of zeros 
NP -> a powerful country 
NP -> iranians abroad 
NP -> less space 
NP -> the population of this country 
NP -> the everyday increasing military capabilities 
NP -> internal threats 
NP -> the increase in opec production 
NP -> the independent country of palestine 
NP -> new government france 
NP -> both views 
NP -> amman - prince '' 
NP -> threat 
NP -> especially the proud and oppressed nation 
NP -> both ancient and modern eras 
NP -> this gap 
NP -> the local authorities 
NP -> the jurisprudent 
NP -> the existence of an '' 
NP -> the same interaction 
NP -> six seven guards 
NP -> different methods 
NP -> the victim 
NP -> the strength of your work 
NP -> theory known as the hygiene theory 
NP -> the people ' s power party 
NP -> airlines 
NP -> railway 
NP -> the tatters pockets turn 
NP -> alistar darling 
NP -> democratic decision 
NP -> an appropriate manner 
NP -> more electricity 
NP -> a great deal 
NP -> the duty of france police 
NP -> the winner of the field 
NP -> the basij role 
NP -> the fronts 
NP -> theses 
NP -> i don ' t 
NP -> irna vienna 
NP -> the high consumption process 
NP -> a dreamy isteqlal 
NP -> an internet address 
NP -> judgments 
NP -> the beginning of mehr 
NP -> these two important acts 
NP -> attention 
NP -> water demand 
NP -> interest rates in next week 
NP -> $ year reveals this claim 
NP -> the memories 
NP -> fuel distribution out of network 
NP -> the hague tadic 
NP -> the executive activities of the council 
NP -> the level 
NP -> all the attempt 
NP -> rising record of numbers and figures 
NP -> the automatic doors 
NP -> fellows 
NP -> no disturbing odor 
NP -> the village of garmeh bojnoord 
NP -> $ year and everyone 
NP -> the cameras 
NP -> few countries 
NP -> sharia and abstain 
NP -> the club of adults 
NP -> anticipated guidelines 
NP -> a thorough science logic 
NP -> your results and judge 
NP -> this certain drama 
NP -> the frontline 
NP -> the period following the revolution 
NP -> the permanent head 
NP -> pilgrims 
NP -> the final price of the stock 
NP -> the mass 
NP -> the teeth 
NP -> the received fuel 
NP -> the trip of vladimir putin 
NP -> staff 
NP -> the resolution of their problems 
NP -> the american sanctions 
NP -> parliament 
NP -> his expert views 
NP -> other important imported items 
NP -> modern technology 
NP -> concrete information 
NP -> the sweeping robot 
NP -> tomorrow hoveyda 
NP -> the spring of freedom 
NP -> razeghi and lily for a song 
NP -> some leaders and advocates of fatah 
NP -> the level of consumption 
NP -> a real discussion 
NP -> cities such as kashan , yazd 
NP -> some of palestinians 
NP -> results 
NP -> the islamic resistance movement of hamas 
NP -> thursday 
NP -> the organization ' s peace 
NP -> the leaders ' 
NP -> three dome chambers 
NP -> occupying mongolia and vietnam 
NP -> muslims into india 
NP -> lebanon shiites 
NP -> the table and brush teeth 
NP -> a right and serious decision 
NP -> industry and production of the country 
NP -> formation and presentation 
NP -> the plastic pants 
NP -> coin sewing 
NP -> the first vote 
NP -> gunfire of armed people 
NP -> caspian sea 
NP -> friday imams throughout the country 
NP -> some speeches 
NP -> the sunni insurgents of iraq 
NP -> these services 
NP -> smiles and kindness 
NP -> the permission of the almighty god 
NP -> the congress hall 
NP -> the support basket of the government 
NP -> the reporter of french news agency 
NP -> considerable improvements 
NP -> the sixteenth meeting 
NP -> important prizes 
NP -> the small decrease 
NP -> high steps 
NP -> another country of this region 
NP -> the influence 
NP -> my countryman 
NP -> the tongue of the prophets 
NP -> economic activities 
NP -> all its power 
NP -> these types of files 
NP -> the gas stations 
NP -> the fundamentals 
NP -> this conference and its participants 
NP -> these measures 
NP -> imam zaman 
NP -> particular manners 
NP -> e sistan 
NP -> the market in this manner 
NP -> a low figure 
NP -> the ongoing political clashes 
NP -> the first shiite jurisprudence 
NP -> zabol 
NP -> karat 
NP -> dr habibi in his short speech 
NP -> tribal revolts in the province 
NP -> rights ' 
NP -> working pistachio supreme 
NP -> military approaches 
NP -> these crises 
NP -> the training camps 
NP -> lebanon 's friday imams 
NP -> another confirmation 
NP -> considerations 
NP -> stock transactions or the completion 
NP -> the asian and african jews 
NP -> expansion of the fields 
NP -> our region and the world 
NP -> the purchasing 
NP -> the field of energy 
NP -> kazakhstan flag 
NP -> excellency 
NP -> the mutually agreed timetable 
NP -> the most important part 
NP -> a season that somehow was starter 
NP -> the intention of the government 
NP -> the most important activity 
NP -> the bathroom 
NP -> decrease 
NP -> the muslims and show reverence 
NP -> uzbeks 
NP -> ` tuberculosis in prison ' 
NP -> loud shouts 
NP -> the libyan leader and government 
NP -> the torrent path 
NP -> this activity 
NP -> the second 
NP -> north korea 
NP -> the zionists ' trap for talks 
NP -> shah 
NP -> nuclear progress 
NP -> imams 
NP -> the limitation of foreign reactions 
NP -> the terrorist incident of karachi 
NP -> these additions 
NP -> iraqi forces 
NP -> pawn 
NP -> the gears 
NP -> a specific date 
NP -> food material 
NP -> thousands of people 
NP -> coal 
NP -> ahmedi 
NP -> esfandiyari 
NP -> the issue of palestine 
NP -> the new york times 
NP -> the consumer rights 
NP -> reuters 
NP -> an easy accessibility for people 
NP -> classical singing 
NP -> his wife travel 
NP -> hussein dehlavi 
NP -> the city of khalediah 
NP -> anna 
NP -> public attention 
NP -> the worldwide markets 
NP -> the roses 
NP -> high technology 
NP -> the new monetary unit 
NP -> ostrich breeding farms 
NP -> the researcher forsat 
NP -> proliferation of nuclear weapons 
NP -> mirror of makarem 
NP -> sa ' ed baqeri 
NP -> national teams 
NP -> any nation 
NP -> the hidden answer 
NP -> diseases 
NP -> the dry 
NP -> bojnurd the centre of north khorasan 
NP -> tribal purgation and transplant 
NP -> smuggling gangs 
NP -> the management systems 
NP -> al - islam val 
NP -> wealth and capital 
NP -> the formula 
NP -> physical preparation 
NP -> the problem 
NP -> a portion of this amount 
NP -> addition to this 
NP -> the education system 
NP -> profit institutions 
NP -> a stable mechanism 
NP -> the cement factory 
NP -> the competitions intense 
NP -> the equation has been reversed 
NP -> prophets 
NP -> turkey 's peace 
NP -> the missile attack 
NP -> karaj 
NP -> a saudi analyst , fazl ibn 
NP -> the peaceful demonstration 
NP -> the full cooperation of iran 
NP -> the smuggling 
NP -> the growth of rice 
NP -> the evolution 
NP -> the urban management of bijand 
NP -> server special 
NP -> our sacred 
NP -> cordial acknowledgement 
NP -> the kurdish insurgents 
NP -> a billionth 
NP -> the jewish colonialists 
NP -> the position of silence 
NP -> governors ' meeting 
NP -> tribe or sect 
NP -> this officer 
NP -> the most criminal persons 
NP -> the first priority 
NP -> the last pressure 
NP -> industries and mines 
NP -> hamedan 's 
NP -> any way 
NP -> the works of west outstanding intellectuals 
NP -> some members 
NP -> the budget figures 
NP -> qaisar aminpour 
NP -> the divided berlin of the time 
NP -> trading 
NP -> the city of birjand 
NP -> pursuit 
NP -> a vehicle 
NP -> consumers ' dissatisfaction 
NP -> three dome chambers and three porticos 
NP -> classic paintings of europe 
NP -> dictatorship which it had started 
NP -> the kurd villages in northern iraq 
NP -> boshr hafi 
NP -> your behavior pleasant 
NP -> historians 
NP -> suppressing 
NP -> official authorities 
NP -> pilgrims and caravans 
NP -> islamic guidance and kowsar 
NP -> the approval 
NP -> the apex 
NP -> the prologue and suitable grounds 
NP -> two bronze 
NP -> the importance of this bill 
NP -> eco in herat 
NP -> arrest and imprisonment of handcuffed people 
NP -> its job 
NP -> the limitations of the agricultural lands 
NP -> the centralization 
NP -> dynamism 
NP -> the principal steps for controlling liquidity 
NP -> the benefits of working with iran 
NP -> bahrain ' 
NP -> concern 
NP -> friendship and closeness 
NP -> the basij 
NP -> these devotees 
NP -> the next week session in washington 
NP -> any meeting reaching its desired outcome 
NP -> social harms among the students 
NP -> the war ali mohammad 
NP -> robinson writing his book 
NP -> today 's economical and social conditions 
NP -> july in mars 
NP -> khamenei 
NP -> tyranny and tyrant , service 
NP -> russian names khan 
NP -> the concert 
NP -> current situation and reestablishment 
NP -> a new definition 
NP -> this type of privatization 
NP -> idealists justice , ethics 
NP -> this action 
NP -> the adherence 
NP -> a political issue 
NP -> iraqi people 
NP -> the crescent 
NP -> the remembrance 
NP -> the charter 
NP -> a television technician 
NP -> the phenomenon 
NP -> the fundamental problem 
NP -> variety 
NP -> the grape delivery season 
NP -> these promises 
NP -> conductors 
NP -> greek a happy wife 
NP -> the past years 
NP -> certain travel 
NP -> samples 
NP -> these two twin researchers 
NP -> the normal conditions 
NP -> occupied quds 
NP -> noticeable methods 
NP -> the sun 
NP -> no message in this regard 
NP -> this victory 
NP -> dorosti 
NP -> a cup 
NP -> the farms 
NP -> the recall 
NP -> one month of encouragement leave 
NP -> zionist organizations 
NP -> gradual 
NP -> their complex relation 
NP -> the weight 
NP -> some followers 
NP -> settlement of lebanon 's political crisis 
NP -> materials and antibiotics 
NP -> the specified places 
NP -> the economic cooperation 
NP -> accord with our national interests 
NP -> more than one thousand 
NP -> my best effort 
NP -> only excuses 
NP -> babulsar ' 
NP -> account 
NP -> the second reason 
NP -> a result his move 
NP -> couples 
NP -> the short run 
NP -> affairs 
NP -> belarus joint commission 
NP -> your party 
NP -> peronist party ' 
NP -> any government or international organization 
NP -> machine parts 
NP -> the most important documents 
NP -> de 
NP -> no need 
NP -> other sensitive parts 
NP -> the pharmacist 
NP -> its benefits 
NP -> this sector this year 
NP -> sports 
NP -> iran khodro and saipa 
NP -> teeth and claws 
NP -> standoff 
NP -> their hearts 
NP -> robots in the battle ground 
NP -> this presence 
NP -> types and kinds 
NP -> the rumor 
NP -> the general treasurer 
NP -> the line 
NP -> this banquet 
NP -> one form of resolution 
NP -> involvement 
NP -> amal movement 
NP -> pakistan 's sooner exit 
NP -> the jame'a 
NP -> god ' s aid 
NP -> minority muslims 
NP -> the sales 
NP -> the and long term implementation 
NP -> mutual understanding and affinity 
NP -> the late qaisar aminpour 
NP -> their health system 
NP -> any reason 
NP -> this country iraq 
NP -> the holy defense movement 
NP -> an investment opportunity 
NP -> insecurity in iraq 
NP -> political interests 
NP -> the central government of israel 
NP -> the bowels 
NP -> political history of the islamic revolution 
NP -> national company 
NP -> native people 
NP -> the agreements between larijani and solana 
NP -> diplomatic channels 
NP -> listening 
NP -> beautiful lines and designs and patterns 
NP -> the provincial companies 
NP -> the armed forces 
NP -> the purchasing of shares 
NP -> northern khorasan 
NP -> goods results 
NP -> the province of pakdasht 
NP -> afghanistan conditions and possibility 
NP -> the office of supervising customs 
NP -> two houses of health 
NP -> this woman 's shouts 
NP -> a fundamental competitor 
NP -> subject 
NP -> these encyclopedias 
NP -> fast information 
NP -> the necessary success 
NP -> the image 
NP -> iran 's nuclear activities 
NP -> professor noam 
NP -> every direction 
NP -> the humiliation of mankind 
NP -> aqsa mosque and ghabeh alsakhreh 
NP -> its publicity objectives 
NP -> riny 
NP -> bilateral cooperation 
NP -> polyarchy in mind 
NP -> historical , cultural and civilized areas 
NP -> prayers 
NP -> this government 
NP -> any threat 
NP -> case of a foreign military threat 
NP -> superior council of cultural revolution 
NP -> several days 
NP -> the cancellation 
NP -> their failures in iraq on others 
NP -> exports 
NP -> pesticide use in soil 
NP -> a considerable number of these centers 
NP -> half a century 
NP -> some of the above regions 
NP -> the revolutionary guards corps 
NP -> second gas reservoir 
NP -> freeing 
NP -> painting 
NP -> the move 
NP -> one brigade 
NP -> elements 
NP -> one of my best sequences 
NP -> the presentation 
NP -> the process of negotiations 
NP -> his strategies 
NP -> one of the ecotourism specialists calls 
NP -> ardor 
NP -> the real world 
NP -> isfahan mobarakeh steel 
NP -> the entrance of castlo 
NP -> axes of conducting this conference 
NP -> a syrian authority 
NP -> the outstanding writings 
NP -> present services 
NP -> biological fuel 
NP -> ikna 
NP -> the other causes of fuel use 
NP -> woodrow wilson centre 
NP -> little fat 
NP -> the intention 
NP -> a pattern 
NP -> some of players like hamed hadadi 
NP -> social consultation 
NP -> the matching 
NP -> lower glycemic index 
NP -> the ghaznavi rule 
NP -> the eleventh celebration of cinema house 
NP -> larijani 's resignation 
NP -> the american commandment 
NP -> the deputy chairperson 
NP -> training 
NP -> the verses of koran 
NP -> the founder 
NP -> the greed 
NP -> determinant of their relation framework 
NP -> the agricultural lands 
NP -> the sadr 's 
NP -> one church 
NP -> the society level 
NP -> much attention 
NP -> bright red and the skin 
NP -> the founder of shiism jurisprudence school 
NP -> his kidneys 
NP -> an evidence change 
NP -> previously household 
NP -> competition 
NP -> primary industries 
NP -> its third report 
NP -> a spring 
NP -> players 
NP -> the university professors 
NP -> the reconstruction of iran shilat reserves 
NP -> iraq ' s embassy in ankara 
NP -> karaj office hajj 
NP -> serials 
NP -> news booths 
NP -> most abnormalities 
NP -> the sub 
NP -> some countries in the region saddam 
NP -> all the muslims 
NP -> ameh va tanzih al 
NP -> regime 
NP -> the aim 
NP -> one of the other attractive booths 
NP -> the russian president 's trip 
NP -> torbati for god 
NP -> qaeda 
NP -> his election 
NP -> the former foreign minister 
NP -> the seeds 
NP -> the complicated security problems in iraq 
NP -> party molayem 
NP -> assistant cultural press office general culture 
NP -> agent 
NP -> goods and services 
NP -> iran , pakistan and afghanistan 
NP -> high oil prices 
NP -> the state of the substance 
NP -> reconciliation with ang song suchi 
NP -> the base 
NP -> clear statements 
NP -> the deprived stratum of society 
NP -> the charges of partnership 
NP -> half of them 
NP -> the neighbors 
NP -> problem of the country 
NP -> the session 
NP -> the depths of the sea 
NP -> the robot 
NP -> the two days conference 
NP -> the islamic republic of iran broadcasting 
NP -> modern linguistics 
NP -> value 
NP -> this craft 
NP -> the current reality 
NP -> the privatization of companies ' management 
NP -> new americanism 
NP -> christian science monitor 
NP -> oil money 
NP -> new suppliers 
NP -> war reconstruction 
NP -> scientifically 
NP -> this expectation 
NP -> a trade balance 
NP -> the sighting 
NP -> approach 
NP -> the use of economic levers 
NP -> the tourism sector 
NP -> different countries 
NP -> dr 
NP -> the economic files 
NP -> the last polls 
NP -> the institute of ipsoss 
NP -> their intended program 
NP -> the monitor 
NP -> nickel 
NP -> the way of conquering peaks 
NP -> the branch 
NP -> the aggressions 
NP -> the enemies of islam in iraq 
NP -> the shiites in iraq 
NP -> arab sheikhs ' objectives 
NP -> musharraf as the strategic u.s. ally 
NP -> hitzfeldt 
NP -> square located one kilometer this intersection 
NP -> ali ebn alhussein 
NP -> left parties 
NP -> more than a billion 
NP -> the commanders of islamic guardian corps 
NP -> these cooperatives 
NP -> zimbabwe 
NP -> foreign reporters 
NP -> the dam and the power plant 
NP -> the emphasis 
NP -> present 
NP -> mark fooli 
NP -> physiological and sociological studies 
NP -> iran and a few past decades 
NP -> the resolution 
NP -> the us president 
NP -> radiological bomb 
NP -> democratic representative 
NP -> the deceased general director 
NP -> the problem of the housing sector 
NP -> states ' strategic depth 
NP -> the redefining of definitions of accounting 
NP -> the will of the general public 
NP -> nineteen 
NP -> england and ronald reagan neo 
NP -> a few folded tickets 
NP -> certain governments 
NP -> this morning ' s flights 
NP -> the most controversial issues 
NP -> road construction job in it 
NP -> strategic influence dominion 
NP -> the integrity 
NP -> envoys and gate 
NP -> corporations 
NP -> woven carpet 
NP -> supreme national security council 
NP -> the views 
NP -> top 
NP -> the violation 
NP -> cost of product 
NP -> iron stone 
NP -> these using of influences many times 
NP -> republic of serbeska 
NP -> yazd province 
NP -> promotion 
NP -> the pelican 
NP -> the ministry of health 
NP -> its conditional agreement 
NP -> the blessed 
NP -> the unique characteristics 
NP -> chek laleh airport of islamabad 
NP -> the democrat party 
NP -> commercial trade companies in this book 
NP -> the air 
NP -> the project of making radiological armaments 
NP -> one or two weeks 
NP -> the oil minister 
NP -> the highest authority 
NP -> mr putin to tehran 
NP -> the camps inside lebanon 
NP -> general parviz mosharraf pakistani president 
NP -> walid al 
NP -> the owner of estelahat fonun > 
NP -> the birds 
NP -> basra province 
NP -> a season 
NP -> other megalopolises 
NP -> sport authorities 
NP -> the government 's movement 
NP -> the ratified treaties 
NP -> a result of false accusations 
NP -> extremes 
NP -> his arrest 
NP -> islam a movement 
NP -> fruits 
NP -> the foreign investment 
NP -> the important books 
NP -> the involved authorities 
NP -> the recent trip bashar asad 
NP -> everybody 
NP -> subsidy and insurance support 
NP -> haykal soleyman temple 
NP -> some domestic media 
NP -> its worst examples 
NP -> financial problems 
NP -> the subject of cultural attack 
NP -> the second period 
NP -> the relevant rules 
NP -> the monetary policy operating 
NP -> yes 
NP -> board 
NP -> germany in visbaden 
NP -> the internet and the virtual world 
NP -> this night 
NP -> all the prophets 
NP -> protection general manager 
NP -> the new plan of president 
NP -> all customers 
NP -> all we said 
NP -> the rates 
NP -> each neighborhood 
NP -> other valuable samples 
NP -> their conditions 
NP -> a historic plot 
NP -> doctor nabavi 
NP -> the decisions of these councils 
NP -> nongovernmental universities 
NP -> clashes 
NP -> the power ministry 
NP -> an intense encounter 
NP -> our backwardness 
NP -> such bodies 
NP -> the main objectives 
NP -> all its advertising 
NP -> force in fact 
NP -> these councils 
NP -> jomanji film 
NP -> their shouts 
NP -> a few months 
NP -> the eleventh meeting 
NP -> the patent 
NP -> foreign investment very limited 
NP -> experts of the leadership 
NP -> couplet 
NP -> the youth 
NP -> the blessed month of ramadan 
NP -> comprehensive laws and principles 
NP -> creation of insecurity in iraq 
NP -> the gravity of the circumstances 
NP -> his impeachment 
NP -> many of the wounded 
NP -> the margins of the caspian 
NP -> judicial power 
NP -> qatar 's oil minister 
NP -> the original author 
NP -> the recovery 
NP -> export ability 
NP -> the same framework of petraeus 
NP -> palestinian groups on this conference 
NP -> two years of age 
NP -> a specified and determined time 
NP -> iran 's presence and influence 
NP -> our cultural politics view 
NP -> the unacceptability 
NP -> encountering world 
NP -> the sever rise 
NP -> mysticism 
NP -> all supporters 
NP -> a suitable efficiency 
NP -> the study 
NP -> new coalition 
NP -> special attention 
NP -> this deep gap 
NP -> the agricultural situation 
NP -> shams tabrizi 
NP -> his statement 
NP -> the sand these solar panels 
NP -> the strikers 
NP -> the other 's word 
NP -> comfort and security 
NP -> a mission 
NP -> unnatural science 
NP -> the flights 
NP -> many changes 
NP -> other subjects 
NP -> the specialized branches 
NP -> a small example 
NP -> the officials of india 
NP -> washigtom against tehran 
NP -> the governmental structure 
NP -> abolhassan esfahani and haj 
NP -> subsidies 
NP -> most regretfully 
NP -> the news 
NP -> the beginning of this cold war 
NP -> the desirable conclusion 
NP -> more percentage 
NP -> the turkish parliament 
NP -> all nations 
NP -> bunch 
NP -> this independence 
NP -> the special unit '' 
NP -> the recent days 
NP -> reasons of illness 
NP -> participated in this gathering 
NP -> the speed 
NP -> cairo 
NP -> rumors construction 
NP -> the guidance 
NP -> the united nation 's charter 
NP -> watery diarrhea 
NP -> the reason and root 
NP -> tel aviv ' 
NP -> room 
NP -> the fulfillment 
NP -> gheisar amin 
NP -> nation of iran 
NP -> arbain 
NP -> the growth of such ties 
NP -> this aviation company 
NP -> a thing 
NP -> the west countries 
NP -> seminary 
NP -> a passenger 
NP -> the natives ' 
NP -> quality 
NP -> different forms 
NP -> the maronist church for this purpose 
NP -> some pressures 
NP -> the base price 
NP -> main office 
NP -> change in the formula 
NP -> the political reporter of irna 
NP -> mongolian attack 
NP -> the strategic prevention of russia 
NP -> the leather cover 
NP -> a particular point 
NP -> harrareh 
NP -> the achievements of this uneven competition 
NP -> kazakhstan in iran , final negotiations 
NP -> the degree of preparation 
NP -> the biggest business empires 
NP -> the international financial system 
NP -> third mehr 
NP -> one other customers of madam 
NP -> the phlegm of the colon 
NP -> the depths 
NP -> shemal 
NP -> the exporter 
NP -> the treaty of lisbon 
NP -> iraqis or the critics inside america 
NP -> eric edelman 
NP -> the lexicon of our country 
NP -> another thing 
NP -> laal krishna adovani 
NP -> the owners 
NP -> everyday 
NP -> can 
NP -> consultation centers 
NP -> sharife 
NP -> the corpses 
NP -> members of the parliament 
NP -> the basic treaty 
NP -> this regard in the current year 
NP -> this taliban commander 
NP -> the three countries 
NP -> the security of turkey 
NP -> free financial activities 
NP -> the common field of the country 
NP -> this team 
NP -> players like hamed hadadi 
NP -> most countries 
NP -> communism 
NP -> its door 
NP -> mouths 
NP -> the fields of physical preparation 
NP -> this delegation 
NP -> the abilities 
NP -> the inactivity 
NP -> a bill 
NP -> social security plan and this plan 
NP -> the ideals of jerusalem 
NP -> fishermen and shilat graduates 
NP -> the people of the country 
NP -> good sources 
NP -> islam and qoran 
NP -> our effort 
NP -> bolani 
NP -> cinema house 
NP -> developing exports 
NP -> the branches of banks in iran 
NP -> answers 
NP -> a cooperative and construction 
NP -> riga 
NP -> the prizes 
NP -> god ' 
NP -> common diseases between man and livestock 
NP -> human force 
NP -> aminpour 
NP -> our addresses 
NP -> the high level iraqi delegation 
NP -> the first experience 
NP -> housing ministry 
NP -> sanam 
NP -> tehran and yerevan 
NP -> their malevolence and incorrect measure 
NP -> the problems of palestinian nation 
NP -> first class attackers 
NP -> bojnurd the centre 
NP -> the last envoy 
NP -> the field of tradition and innovation 
NP -> franklin 
NP -> ` s presence in some 
NP -> four months 
NP -> its specific importance 
NP -> the the teeth 
NP -> the bombs 
NP -> no difficulty 
NP -> the middle of the building workshop 
NP -> the hamerto storm 's damage 
NP -> former ministers 
NP -> the will of hussein ben rooh 
NP -> the private sector ' 
NP -> himself and his family 
NP -> some differences 
NP -> this country to join the project 
NP -> the current transformations 
NP -> some people 
NP -> the organization of market success 
NP -> the formation of this consensus 
NP -> a limited number 
NP -> professor '' roger garoudi 
NP -> taliban 
NP -> the supportive basket 
NP -> the wealthy 
NP -> economic boycott 
NP -> foreign pressures 
NP -> allergies and some 
NP -> nations and cultures 
NP -> iraq 's kurdistan region 
NP -> the peoples party of this country 
NP -> its middle east program 
NP -> his aim 
NP -> the clash 
NP -> his own re 
NP -> the new forces 
NP -> this letter 
NP -> the third 
NP -> the grant 
NP -> his foreign trips 
NP -> another example 
NP -> engagement in religious and cultural issues 
NP -> energetic girl 
NP -> the yellowness 
NP -> a santour 
NP -> a limited number of people 
NP -> no way 
NP -> terms of physical appearance 
NP -> the international council of hinduism 
NP -> haniyeh in his meeting at gaza 
NP -> the post 
NP -> this violence and unrest 
NP -> relationship and interaction 
NP -> the olympic ration 
NP -> the best days 
NP -> new members 
NP -> sugar 
NP -> wrong rendering 
NP -> massacre 
NP -> any attacks 
NP -> more support 
NP -> regional security , stability 
NP -> the visit of putin to tehran 
NP -> the islamic countries ' 
NP -> insects 
NP -> this park 
NP -> the respected reader of these lines 
NP -> issues 
NP -> the arcs of these ten days 
NP -> this question 
NP -> the sermons 
NP -> the natural resources of mazandaran 
NP -> a final triumph 
NP -> mirror 
NP -> the effort 
NP -> enormous profit 
NP -> kerman 
NP -> talks in this field 
NP -> the russian ministry of foreign affairs 
NP -> the existence of such bodies 
NP -> his merciful 
NP -> the most important goals 
NP -> the gas market 
NP -> the deputy of the training support 
NP -> specific terms 
NP -> caspian summit conference 
NP -> western heroes 
NP -> continuation of stability 
NP -> saeedikia 
NP -> the decline 
NP -> the clarification 
NP -> the pk insurgents 
NP -> the grace and favor 
NP -> the officials 
NP -> the approach 
NP -> rehearsal 
NP -> islamabad 
NP -> operations against the americans 
NP -> social development 
NP -> doctor dinarvand 
NP -> the new season 
NP -> the islamic economy organization 
NP -> the national competition 
NP -> theoretical debates 
NP -> russia 's invitation 
NP -> expressive appetency and journalistic space 
NP -> artists from the middle 
NP -> an interview with journalists 
NP -> first insurer 
NP -> intensification 
NP -> iraqi shiites ' sources 
NP -> the interest rates 
NP -> worldly clothes 
NP -> a result more development and welfare 
NP -> irna '' engraving 
NP -> ilam province 
NP -> burning smell 
NP -> america ' s publicity attack 
NP -> the white house didn ' 
NP -> ramadan qods 
NP -> meetings between general alexander 
NP -> philosophers 
NP -> the cement 
NP -> human 's nobility 
NP -> a utopian idealist 
NP -> maleki 
NP -> nominations 
NP -> the major avenues of the city 
NP -> a cure 
NP -> allegations 
NP -> the main destinations of tourism 
NP -> such an environment 
NP -> the first trade partner 
NP -> the discussions 
NP -> the main priority 
NP -> realist politicians 
NP -> the mayors 
NP -> eva angelical 
NP -> the simplest thing 
NP -> this medicine 
NP -> mid asia and south asia 
NP -> the new money for years 
NP -> sedition , oppression , and lack 
NP -> the sanction of israeli goods 
NP -> national unity and the allies 
NP -> the general public 
NP -> war days 
NP -> a fifty percent chance 
NP -> councils 
NP -> ghadr nights 
NP -> the experts on china 
NP -> the islam history 
NP -> international energy 
NP -> darker 
NP -> half whitened rice 
NP -> the way of a peaceful solution 
NP -> the presence of the corps 
NP -> an inevitable necessity 
NP -> football 
NP -> fighting against terrorism 
NP -> mongolian attack on iran 
NP -> a bronze 
NP -> the lebanoni and non lebanoni captives 
NP -> this part 
NP -> our nation 
NP -> the pilgrims 
NP -> the insurance 
NP -> russia and iran 
NP -> $ year due to the disagreement 
NP -> judaism 
NP -> five victories in first joint experience 
NP -> the country 's benefit 
NP -> the then ministry 
NP -> mozaffari 
NP -> ethnicity cover 
NP -> parties of the left 
NP -> eve in paradise 
NP -> farhad sharifi 
NP -> iraq and afghanistan 
NP -> the french muslim thinker 
NP -> ban ki moon 
NP -> aj 
NP -> the metro and buses 
NP -> two key treaties of this union 
NP -> the uselessness 
NP -> the international scene 
NP -> perkash karat 
NP -> this form 
NP -> tourists 
NP -> czech republic 
NP -> the minimum 
NP -> andraperadesh state 
NP -> oroumieh 
NP -> the great advances 
NP -> consumption of goods in the country 
NP -> the wheel of the tanks 
NP -> practical results 
NP -> the opposing party 
NP -> imperialism and ownership 
NP -> organizing exhibitions of direct supply 
NP -> the point 
NP -> the influence of american 
NP -> the official declaration of serbia government 
NP -> the occupied city 
NP -> a high importance 
NP -> a . 
NP -> the sarein 
NP -> the banks which have left 
NP -> richer and more accessible resources 
NP -> a military operation in northern iraq 
NP -> the course of putin 
NP -> the produced goods 
NP -> this expert of international issues 
NP -> last month 
NP -> the mistakes 
NP -> alani 
NP -> the poets house 
NP -> council 
NP -> the most important source 
NP -> the encouragement 
NP -> president bush 
NP -> the heat 
NP -> propagation 
NP -> the society toward prisoner 's families 
NP -> any concert 
NP -> various attempts 
NP -> this issue dangerous consequences 
NP -> an intellectual effect 
NP -> the foreign ministry sergey 
NP -> the writer literature and historical expertise 
NP -> mohammad ali inanlo 
NP -> this event in a real sense 
NP -> iranian nation 
NP -> the executive of this plan 
NP -> china 's 
NP -> any conflicts and disagreement 
NP -> ardavan : yes 
NP -> internal security 
NP -> our sake 
NP -> the legal right of defense 
NP -> a sort of risk 
NP -> this significant president 's trip 
NP -> a considerable number 
NP -> bilateral relationships 
NP -> his position 
NP -> jeans 
NP -> the abilities and potential 
NP -> different countries and organizations 
NP -> bilateral agreement 
NP -> the population point of view 
NP -> my demised brother 
NP -> this kind of attitude in europe 
NP -> pharaoh and burying girls 
NP -> meeting foad 
NP -> hosseini 
NP -> mohammad reza yazdani khorram 
NP -> the quran 
NP -> definitions 
NP -> letter of agreement 
NP -> turkey 's minister 
NP -> iran ' s taekwondo representative 
NP -> the necessity of culture 
NP -> the door 
NP -> trial 
NP -> mehrizi fullers 
NP -> al 
NP -> wealth 
NP -> result 
NP -> this crisis 
NP -> positive evaluation of putin 
NP -> the evaluation system 
NP -> every threats 
NP -> irna activities 
NP -> the dissatisfaction 
NP -> the rest of the related organizations 
NP -> the president of america 
NP -> extra session 
NP -> the relations 
NP -> denial 
NP -> a silk curtain 
NP -> the line of awaiting vehicles 
NP -> molecule 
NP -> this literature 
NP -> the insistence 
NP -> a prerequisite of the express tracks 
NP -> their view films 
NP -> sadra 
NP -> the call of their imam 
NP -> oil market 
NP -> the worst presidency 
NP -> khorasan 's science and technology park 
NP -> the former president of iran 
NP -> the sector 
NP -> rice ' 
NP -> the control of impulse 
NP -> the basic voting right 
NP -> military power 
NP -> this subject in the near future 
NP -> four games 
NP -> domestic investment 
NP -> the oneness 
NP -> the national interests of countries 
NP -> the distribution of brochures and posters 
NP -> many poets 
NP -> the world federation of public sports 
NP -> the only serious rival 
NP -> federation 
NP -> a great gap 
NP -> this perception 
NP -> losses 
NP -> frowning 
NP -> the accusation 
NP -> gholam reza salmi 
NP -> the resolving of the transactional difficulty 
NP -> ayatollah akbar hashemi rafsanjani 
NP -> the negotiations of iran 
NP -> holding elections 
NP -> the federal reserve view 
NP -> the conditions of powers 
NP -> general peter 
NP -> mohammad khatami 
NP -> the public thoughts 
NP -> the catch phrase 
NP -> the minister in charge 
NP -> the basis of the baker 
NP -> excavation and devastation operations 
NP -> the age 
NP -> mojgan aram vala 
NP -> the one hand cause understanding 
NP -> some producers in this festival 
NP -> the human 
NP -> all ranks of hierarchy 
NP -> irna from '' n 
NP -> the feast month 
NP -> the evaluation 
NP -> the foreign ministry of germany 
NP -> complete and comprehensive information 
NP -> me and my son 
NP -> a mutual understanding 
NP -> ankara 's extensive attack 
NP -> debt 
NP -> a very unstable political stage 
NP -> the county but the ruling forces 
NP -> requisite 
NP -> the highest 
NP -> garoudi 
NP -> the house of each individual 
NP -> its universities 
NP -> softwaric aspects 
NP -> kurdish workers party of turkey 
NP -> imported oil and energy 
NP -> the representatives of the parliament 
NP -> iran 's culture and civilization 
NP -> molina 
NP -> tool for human predicament 
NP -> disciples and ammar 
NP -> general staff 
NP -> determinant 
NP -> tax debt 
NP -> constant threats of america 
NP -> some poets 
NP -> the favor 
NP -> decency and civil obedience 
NP -> traveler 's 
NP -> offence 
NP -> its security 
NP -> motionless 
NP -> your generous god 
NP -> the governments and states 
NP -> doesn ' t 
NP -> their life 
NP -> one rank 
NP -> the national olympics committee observer 
NP -> the coming decades 
NP -> powers 
NP -> iraq ' 
NP -> a vote all members 
NP -> portugal andro daknia 
NP -> the second period the post 
NP -> its bases 
NP -> altafhim > 
NP -> tayef treaty the number 
NP -> the establishment of oil industry bank 
NP -> advanced military hardware 
NP -> the sanction list 
NP -> the increase of its price 
NP -> the naval area 
NP -> the geopolitical point 
NP -> many houses of people 
NP -> the new conspiracies 
NP -> children of their rights 
NP -> peace and progress 
NP -> the current 
NP -> this expert 
NP -> the rise in an anomalous manner 
NP -> this newspaper 
NP -> the victory of the islamic revolution 
NP -> the stabilization 
NP -> the business 
NP -> the spokesman 
NP -> the city of moscow 
NP -> my outlook 
NP -> the security domain 
NP -> the irrigation of their land 
NP -> divine voice 
NP -> personal hostility 
NP -> these days studios 
NP -> mohammedreza abdolmalekian 
NP -> the tolerance and connivance 
NP -> the goal 
NP -> an emotional point 
NP -> the insurgents 
NP -> gas explorations 
NP -> the cars 
NP -> the growth of ever 
NP -> shah takhti bridge 
NP -> abbas 
NP -> joshan prayer , conduct ahya 
NP -> dear iran 
NP -> two perspectives 
NP -> current year 
NP -> my farm ( in texas ) 
NP -> the head 
NP -> fear and suffering 
NP -> the association 
NP -> cultural relationships of the two countries 
NP -> isna report 
NP -> their sovereignty 
NP -> a good game 
NP -> support 
NP -> kilometers 
NP -> the line of guardianship and revolution 
NP -> last week 
NP -> the seal 
NP -> modernism 
NP -> $ year with the destruction 
NP -> regional peace 
NP -> the basis of this announcement 
NP -> any individual for your succession 
NP -> mechanisms 
NP -> hostesses and flight crew 
NP -> calmness and balance 
NP -> deployment of this system 
NP -> iran show indifference 
NP -> one or two countries 
NP -> the caspian sea 
NP -> planning and publicity headquarter 
NP -> this gang 
NP -> michael wynne 
NP -> a researcher 
NP -> not any participation 
NP -> gas transfer project 
NP -> the frontispiece of his work 
NP -> country inspection 
NP -> pakistan ' s news sources 
NP -> the duration of minor absence 
NP -> irna reports 
NP -> the local production site 
NP -> tensions 
NP -> the government of singapore or corporations 
NP -> the enemy ' s promise 
NP -> easier conditions 
NP -> every ( yes ) 
NP -> the increasing world prices 
NP -> saddam 's era 
NP -> this knowledge in iran 
NP -> response 
NP -> professors 
NP -> the ramsar hospital 
NP -> utilizing wrong information 
NP -> the physical situation 
NP -> situation 
NP -> its inefficiency 
NP -> high and valuable steps and this 
NP -> this page of history 
NP -> the world except europe 
NP -> perhaps more 
NP -> their defeat and correct decision 
NP -> heads 
NP -> executive organization 
NP -> clear goals 
NP -> its support of the congress party 
NP -> political development 
NP -> constant contact 
NP -> the indivisibility of security in nato 
NP -> critique 
NP -> sacrifice and martyrdom 
NP -> the united nations security council 
NP -> polyarchy format 
NP -> book museums 
NP -> the impolitic expansion 
NP -> god for divine satisfaction 
NP -> the geographical distance 
NP -> furniture and small stuff 
NP -> your brothers ' 
NP -> the iranian and russian delegations 
NP -> an independent and no party candidate 
NP -> the problems and limitations 
NP -> the radioactive 
NP -> banking operation 
NP -> violence 
NP -> driven iraq 
NP -> iran encounter drug trafficking problem 
NP -> presidential strategic planning and supervision department 
NP -> the statement of custom cooperation 
NP -> this reality 
NP -> the two ancient civilizations 
NP -> strangers 
NP -> these attributes 
NP -> contest 
NP -> the current president 
NP -> the spread of the zionist 
NP -> representative 
NP -> water supply tariffs 
NP -> tax debt of one 
NP -> qom 's howze 
NP -> developments 
NP -> aghayof , louine and jacobsen 
NP -> efforts for peace and stability 
NP -> the small intestine 
NP -> hundred billion rials 
NP -> leisure time 
NP -> meeting 
NP -> the body of the patient 
NP -> the snake 
NP -> a period 
NP -> this report addressing the muslims 
NP -> these two political leaders 
NP -> all past years in many fields 
NP -> a six week sand storm 
NP -> narcotics in the region 
NP -> this category of verses 
NP -> no specific time 
NP -> the offices 
NP -> shiism jurisprudence school 
NP -> the other craftsmen 
NP -> its producers 
NP -> future borders 
NP -> the standstill in cinema of war 
NP -> weekly 
NP -> the use of this system 
NP -> a lot disagreements 
NP -> any place 
NP -> security in basra province 
NP -> orly airport 
NP -> an inflation 
NP -> sarnei irrigation complex 
NP -> the ninth administration in the provinces 
NP -> the replacement 
NP -> the officer 
NP -> tir 
NP -> the decrease 
NP -> an ambiguous motif 
NP -> their thought and point 
NP -> rulers 
NP -> competition and stability of prices 
NP -> dispute between the central bank 
NP -> a fighting 
NP -> all the defined works and missions 
NP -> america 's the world of islam 
NP -> his government ' s main priority 
NP -> the cover 
NP -> this sacrifice 
NP -> this report subscribers 
NP -> some contractors 
NP -> defense and national security commissions 
NP -> great power and capacity 
NP -> reza safai 
NP -> $ year and beginning 
NP -> the shortage in the turkish budget 
NP -> the iraqi issue 
NP -> a method for honoring their notables 
NP -> zangeneh 
NP -> minds 
NP -> the physical appearance 
NP -> the subjects of humanities 
NP -> manouchehr mottaki 
NP -> the ukraine competitions 
NP -> collapsing 
NP -> the needed medications 
NP -> this opportunity 
NP -> organization issue documents 
NP -> the country 's internet center 
NP -> two years 
NP -> the addressee 
NP -> singularity 
NP -> this celestial wonder 
NP -> the president of serbia 
NP -> breath 
NP -> welfovitz 
NP -> slovenia 
NP -> the officials of this country 
NP -> these for some days 
NP -> the axial role 
NP -> hasan nasrollah with amin jamil 
NP -> the goals 
NP -> engagement 
NP -> iraq talk about a possible effort 
NP -> hypocrisy and pretending 
NP -> foreign ministers 
NP -> economic cooperation 
NP -> the following ten days 
NP -> israeli army 
NP -> fehrest al 
NP -> gul as a message from ankara 
NP -> the last moment in athens 
NP -> authentic and historic structure 
NP -> the human being 
NP -> the russian president 
NP -> the wall 
NP -> the rivals ' techniques 
NP -> these disputes 
NP -> oil per day 
NP -> equipment 
NP -> the assembly dr avani 
NP -> a big turning point 
NP -> sunnites and shiites concurrent with dawn 
NP -> experts in international relations in ankara 
NP -> the presence of the people 
NP -> precious monuments 
NP -> a market outside the stock exchange 
NP -> mother 
NP -> warmer day 
NP -> the water from this river 
NP -> this sudden death 
NP -> western countries 
NP -> the breakfast in the custom 
NP -> the technology for nuclear fuel 
NP -> member of the scientific committee 
NP -> authorities ' independent view 
NP -> the democrat representative 
NP -> the friendship of two asian countries 
NP -> this process in the next year 
NP -> scientists and elites of azarbaijan 
NP -> iraqi kurdistan 
NP -> its trust 
NP -> a price 
NP -> the former chancellor 
NP -> an appropriate status 
NP -> any measures 
NP -> addition 
NP -> general '' william 
NP -> their repeated 
NP -> wake up the indigent people 
NP -> lies , the trust and assurance 
NP -> turkish army 
NP -> the scientific epistemologies 
NP -> horrible effects on oil market 
NP -> substructures and sport spaces special 
NP -> certain people 
NP -> the complex 
NP -> a revolution 
NP -> social security plan 
NP -> the united nations secretary general 
NP -> these sim cards on the market 
NP -> more foreign investments 
NP -> the wrestlers of the national team 
NP -> the prophet 's enjoinment 
NP -> faith on this issue 
NP -> a bahai family 
NP -> center 
NP -> cultural identity 
NP -> a tariff 
NP -> air , sea or land forces 
NP -> the medicine 
NP -> the first serious clash 
NP -> iran 's gas authorization 
NP -> attention , effort and diligence 
NP -> any government view including 
NP -> free trade 
NP -> this retired soldier 
NP -> the fair 
NP -> much difference 
NP -> the american authorities 
NP -> secrets and complaints 
NP -> the palestinian people 
NP -> its approval 
NP -> the work of sensual knowledge 
NP -> new approaches 
NP -> people from poverty and ignorance 
NP -> the palestinian territories 
NP -> great quranic activities 
NP -> agriculture 
NP -> his inferior young trainee 
NP -> tremendous progress 
NP -> the supervision system 
NP -> huge investment 
NP -> the prime minister and parliament 
NP -> mental problems and matters 
NP -> some criticisms 
NP -> the bounds 
NP -> the martyrs of investigation 
NP -> many of air 
NP -> free market 
NP -> extra ordinary sales 
NP -> worthiness 
NP -> the future course 
NP -> the bases 
NP -> other producers and exporters 
NP -> this demand one day 
NP -> their parents 
NP -> term 
NP -> the political challenges pakistan 
NP -> cause and effect interaction 
NP -> the ratio 
NP -> our schools 
NP -> the providing of security 
NP -> the hygiene and working pistachio supreme 
NP -> the long list 
NP -> the program makers 
NP -> this important goal 
NP -> the cabinet in informal circles 
NP -> < nasrullah safir > 
NP -> the u.s. mind 
NP -> american generals confess 
NP -> building offices and organizing city affairs 
NP -> imprisonment 
NP -> the existence of necessary guarantees 
NP -> the current president of this country 
NP -> a natural matter 
NP -> the dearth 
NP -> the english language 
NP -> the coordination deputy of this organization 
NP -> the foreign ministries 
NP -> structural fitness 
NP -> the cultural decision makers 
NP -> a long history 
NP -> the decision of the judge asadollah 
NP -> diabetes 
NP -> some of the citizens 
NP -> the approved 
NP -> every good 
NP -> exile 
NP -> a definite result 
NP -> seyed heidar azimi 's 
NP -> the monetary zeros 
NP -> first term 
NP -> serbia government 's 
NP -> member countries of the european union 
NP -> every political unit 
NP -> election 
NP -> two asian countries 
NP -> colonialism 
NP -> this area in their offices 
NP -> the main viewpoint of this text 
NP -> their permanent resettlement 
NP -> this known public 
NP -> the armament aids 
NP -> common diseases 
NP -> the area 's environment 
NP -> the officials of the countries 
NP -> the evaporation 
NP -> the vivacity and progress 
NP -> interests 
NP -> a florid revolution 
NP -> both countries 
NP -> the experiments 
NP -> any place and condition 
NP -> the islamic government 
NP -> the global capitulation more 
NP -> the export of goods 
NP -> recycling of the wastes of tehran 
NP -> advertisement 
NP -> the present minister 
NP -> america and anticipation 
NP -> the governments of damascus and tel 
NP -> yourself 
NP -> state to baghdad 
NP -> their own facilities 
NP -> baghdad 
NP -> strategic studies 
NP -> the next stage 
NP -> peace keeping 
NP -> the poetic movement and evolution 
NP -> nabih beri 's 
NP -> venezuela 
NP -> his union his wife 
NP -> proper orientation 
NP -> these armed men 
NP -> an military base of america 
NP -> steps 
NP -> this post 
NP -> the blow 
NP -> the field of technology 
NP -> the past days 
NP -> the bullying governments 
NP -> viewpoints 
NP -> the necessary ground 
NP -> plains 
NP -> the committee secretary 
NP -> more tobacco products 
NP -> today asians 
NP -> the internal weakness of them 
NP -> mr. larijani 
NP -> the internet addiction 
NP -> groups 
NP -> the japanese media 
NP -> traffic signs 
NP -> his speech 
NP -> nations 
NP -> diplomatic organization 
NP -> this he tried to access first 
NP -> the survivors of the bloody incident 
NP -> grains 
NP -> political titles 
NP -> billions of dollars capital 
NP -> his party 
NP -> a complete and finalized manner 
NP -> a shortage of water resources 
NP -> ratification 
NP -> the tile 
NP -> the employees 
NP -> alavi school 
NP -> only one hemophilia gene 
NP -> the material responsibilities 
NP -> an insolent person 
NP -> the great incident 
NP -> aligned movement 
NP -> dr. tahmasebi 's 
NP -> the lack of these statistics 
NP -> a specific geographical environment 
NP -> valuable activities in cities especially isfahan 
NP -> georgia 
NP -> ` s thinking and experienced forces 
NP -> the distinguishing power 
NP -> this situation one 
NP -> the good people 
NP -> governmental services 
NP -> epistemologies 
NP -> the master 
NP -> modern world 
NP -> large 
NP -> miroslav lychak 
NP -> continuation talk 
NP -> six sides group 
NP -> the number of forces 
NP -> the media board 
NP -> the authority of countries and controversial 
NP -> their counterparts 
NP -> robbery with each other 
NP -> some time rest 
NP -> a palestinian from the gaza neck 
NP -> rhein 
NP -> buda 
NP -> ebrahim ghanbari 
NP -> its own place in a way 
NP -> us secretary 
NP -> the monetary unit of the country 
NP -> this statement 
NP -> the iranian ambassador 's place 
NP -> saadabad in tehran 
NP -> this hassan molatefi 
NP -> the current level 
NP -> previous negotiations 
NP -> the past few days 
NP -> civilization construction 
NP -> jalalabad road 
NP -> pakistan 's energy need 
NP -> imam ' s movement 
NP -> all against all 
NP -> iran ' s activities 
NP -> ronald tobias 
NP -> tehran 's bazar 
NP -> one thousand one barriers till materialized 
NP -> shahr e kord 
NP -> the demonstrators 
NP -> regards to the nuclear issue 
NP -> such people 
NP -> hermann 
NP -> publication of the caricature 
NP -> the palestinian groups 
NP -> a very light way 
NP -> hesitation one 
NP -> aerial space of georgia 
NP -> the evolutions 
NP -> the realm of the human heart 
NP -> credit council 
NP -> another expression 
NP -> various economic sectors of the country 
NP -> our brothers in tehran 
NP -> the ground level 
NP -> political motives 
NP -> impertinence sentimental perceptional , emotional wounds 
NP -> new stadium 
NP -> rain 
NP -> our names 
NP -> parviz parastui 
NP -> social delinquency 
NP -> the iranian government 
NP -> seyed heidar azimi 's house 
NP -> denmark 
NP -> distribution , shipment and improper obliteration 
NP -> one third children afflicted to hemophilia 
NP -> different stages 
NP -> political groups 
NP -> a champion 
NP -> the judicial institution 
NP -> change 
NP -> the third space walk 
NP -> the native clans 
NP -> the facade of the taj 
NP -> a vassal government 
NP -> the city of paris against scotland 
NP -> pipeline pakistan 
NP -> completion of construction 
NP -> banking system 
NP -> electricity in accordance 
NP -> turkish extraterritorial operations in northern iraq 
NP -> the representatives 
NP -> the countries of the region 
NP -> elite classes 
NP -> goal of tourist attractions 
NP -> these credit lines 
NP -> a young team 
NP -> relationship between the two countries 
NP -> contradictions 
NP -> social security in tehran 
NP -> their friends 
NP -> stances 
NP -> peace talks 
NP -> stress 
NP -> terrorist laws 
NP -> the people of shahrekord 
NP -> the cooperation of iran 
NP -> the sidelines of holding of jata 
NP -> anxiety 
NP -> an educational cultural center 
NP -> the needs of factories for wheat 
NP -> the human heart 
NP -> the maronist 
NP -> the cloth nappy 
NP -> the peace pipeline 
NP -> a market 
NP -> prince 
NP -> the unilateral economic sanctions 
NP -> his house 
NP -> a prevalent case 
NP -> a non - written dictation 
NP -> official news agency 
NP -> the national congress of the party 
NP -> political reforms 
NP -> the ground - work 
NP -> s government 
NP -> this manifestation 
NP -> this option 
NP -> this laptop 
NP -> monday in damascus 
NP -> the mass construction 
NP -> this plan women 
NP -> the ministries 
NP -> electricity turkmenistan 
NP -> immediate decision 
NP -> robots 
NP -> hitzfeldt regarding the return of schlaudraff 
NP -> south pacific ocean 
NP -> the harsh conditions 
NP -> the borders 
NP -> his emphasis 
NP -> the banking structure 
NP -> the first installed technology 
NP -> ghotbzadeh 
NP -> the half percent decrease 
NP -> the tasks 
NP -> the holding 
NP -> partition of territory or the break 
NP -> mankind 's savior 
NP -> the minister of internal affairs 
NP -> activity 
NP -> guidance for himself 
NP -> islam 
NP -> an important part 
NP -> interest bank 
NP -> the buying and selling 
NP -> more investment 
NP -> its populism 
NP -> ordibehesht 
NP -> jeopardy 
NP -> farmers ' yield 
NP -> no legal meaning 
NP -> the health employees 
NP -> technical cadre 
NP -> the case 
NP -> anything 
NP -> azarbaijan 
NP -> the great 
NP -> a normal manner 
NP -> the necessary infrastructures 
NP -> the leftists 
NP -> this world 
NP -> their skills in basketball 
NP -> a confirmation on the fact 
NP -> making 
NP -> military action 
NP -> the credits 
NP -> the statistics 
NP -> the countries south 
NP -> army and disciplinary forces 
NP -> smuggle bands 
NP -> the serious impact 
NP -> the schools ' 
NP -> the potential of the state 
NP -> this policy 
NP -> the people 's resistance 
NP -> software microsoft authorities 
NP -> their demands 
NP -> iran 's nuclear issue 
NP -> the description of duties 
NP -> the country at present 
NP -> the high number 
NP -> busses in a determined interval 
NP -> the most important cause 
NP -> intraregional cooperation 
NP -> road and transportation during this ceremony 
NP -> the mission of the basij 
NP -> pomegranate 
NP -> their purpose 
NP -> the basis of the company 
NP -> a bakery profession 
NP -> the escort ceremony 
NP -> the reports 
NP -> conquering peaks 
NP -> the framework of this work plan 
NP -> the decrease of costs 
NP -> the field 
NP -> the destructive effects 
NP -> the doctor 's prescription 
NP -> the board meetings 
NP -> one and a half years 
NP -> many regional countries 
NP -> the peaceful nuclear activity 
NP -> a horse 
NP -> planning and finalization and activation 
NP -> the affairs 
NP -> streams 
NP -> the elections i 
NP -> new capacities 
NP -> this section 
NP -> a peaceful manner 
NP -> the country 's medicine market 
NP -> general casey 
NP -> the islamic regime 
NP -> this explosion 
NP -> their report 
NP -> trade units 
NP -> georgia ' s soil 
NP -> her x chromosomes 
NP -> hepatocellular cancer 
NP -> iran ' s competency 
NP -> the soviet 
NP -> urban services 
NP -> the whole 
NP -> bunch of western european powers 
NP -> whites 
NP -> nabih berri 
NP -> its accurate time 
NP -> his main goal meaning participation 
NP -> the islamic republic news 
NP -> the design of a goat 
NP -> the husband and her hands 
NP -> the sinai desert forty years 
NP -> ahmadi 
NP -> one millionth 
NP -> america ' s army 
NP -> ideology 
NP -> the involvement of american security 
NP -> an intellectual poet 
NP -> other countries of the region 
NP -> one liter 
NP -> the common denominator and essential belief 
NP -> standards 
NP -> all occupied territories 
NP -> stored plutonium 
NP -> all over the world 
NP -> the assassination 
NP -> a total monopoly 
NP -> a celestial origin 
NP -> their audience 
NP -> this interpretation 
NP -> the depth of relations 
NP -> many houses 
NP -> mental problems 
NP -> one side of the coin 
NP -> justice and development party 
NP -> the natanz nuclear site 
NP -> refuge in god 
NP -> the caricature , sweden embassy supervisor 
NP -> the outlook 
NP -> reality besides the economical issues 
NP -> national security 
NP -> the foregoing option 
NP -> these accomplishments 
NP -> automobile manufacturing 
NP -> widespread bank crimes and fraud 
NP -> the skin 
NP -> iraq issues 
NP -> the dividend 
NP -> russian names khan ( ivanof ) 
NP -> details of this bill 
NP -> the american army in iraq 
NP -> present and political organization 
NP -> the manufacturing community 
NP -> the brew 
NP -> life of people 
NP -> the promised one 
NP -> the performance of the budget 
NP -> this knowledge 
NP -> the high ranking iranian officials 
NP -> hossein 
NP -> uproar 
NP -> the brain 's 
NP -> the iraqi people 
NP -> aids in all health 
NP -> questions raised by the judicial system 
NP -> their training and education 
NP -> the islamic republic of iran 
NP -> the projection 
NP -> year the top ranking 
NP -> the local and foreign opinions 
NP -> the virtual world 
NP -> a conversatinon 
NP -> the brightness state 
NP -> place 
NP -> these researchers 
NP -> the above matter 
NP -> the violation of syria 's boundaries 
NP -> no cities 
NP -> direct supply of goods 
NP -> mr. najafi kermanshahi vafaei 
NP -> this industry 
NP -> its rise 
NP -> the entire length of the colon 
NP -> thought 
NP -> the far night 
NP -> a comb 
NP -> the iraqi groups 
NP -> envoys 
NP -> the smuggling of goods 
NP -> k '' hatoyama 
NP -> active industrial section in yazd province 
NP -> an anti terrorism law 
NP -> her temper 
NP -> the new managing director 
NP -> duma 's floor approval 
NP -> a global capitulation 
NP -> the only people 
NP -> efficiency of institutes and an increase 
NP -> a range 
NP -> this dossier 
NP -> nai prison 
NP -> this cost 
NP -> vague statements 
NP -> honds 's bestseller 
NP -> spilled bloods and tears 
NP -> familiar reasoning 
NP -> the exports 
NP -> these exhibitions 
NP -> the household 
NP -> countries and institutions 
NP -> our country in response 
NP -> each other commit theft 
NP -> the second opinion 
NP -> national interests 
NP -> the valuable legacy of imam 
NP -> the syrian government 
NP -> nuclear radiation knowledge 
NP -> the time 
NP -> this state 
NP -> principals 
NP -> ideas different university koranic institutes 
NP -> test 
NP -> dikes 
NP -> flour production exports 
NP -> volfovitz recommendation 
NP -> the parliamentary elections 
NP -> hundreds of year 
NP -> the delegation 
NP -> the wheel 
NP -> this committee in the kurdistan region 
NP -> baghdad with machine gun and rpg 
NP -> the asian nations cup and ascension 
NP -> the developing and cordial relations 
NP -> the continuation of the capitulation behavior 
NP -> consulates and other governmental structures 
NP -> engravings 
NP -> negligence 
NP -> the status of bosnian serbs 
NP -> the mount 
NP -> taste 
NP -> producers ' support organization 
NP -> the title of amal movement 
NP -> such a condition 
NP -> the american authorities ' lack 
NP -> theory and practice 
NP -> the deliverance 
NP -> photographs and posters 
NP -> the government of england 
NP -> america attempts 
NP -> the government in lebanon 
NP -> all of them 
NP -> any prevention 
NP -> the iranian side 
NP -> his press interview 
NP -> a quorum of two 
NP -> ameh 
NP -> all the reports 
NP -> some hours 
NP -> installation 
NP -> the needs of people 
NP -> a group of military police 
NP -> the other symptoms 
NP -> its positions 
NP -> all iraqi groups and levels 
NP -> the blood sugar 
NP -> kowsar 
NP -> irna on tuesday 
NP -> the analysis of actors 
NP -> this scale 
NP -> a passenger of vietnam 
NP -> allergy 
NP -> approval of the new law 
NP -> criticisms 
NP -> the craftsmen ' 
NP -> the home of closeness specific 
NP -> intravenous deep thrombosis 
NP -> participation in construction 
NP -> marriage 
NP -> a palestinian from the west bank 
NP -> the political circles 
NP -> ahmadinezhad ' 
NP -> these competitions holding thewrestling league 
NP -> the inert situation 
NP -> refinery and distribution company niordc 
NP -> the withdrawal of tahmasebi and vaziri 
NP -> the introduction section 
NP -> decision 
NP -> the fars province 
NP -> the border 
NP -> the dams 
NP -> a shopping list 
NP -> the tourism industry 
NP -> attacks 
NP -> national sport centres 
NP -> istanbul university in this regard 
NP -> foreign banks in the country 
NP -> amen 
NP -> he and his fiends 
NP -> the major 
NP -> dismantling 
NP -> the former ambassador 
NP -> the darkness of existence 
NP -> middle east 
NP -> the german radio deutsch velle 
NP -> the style 
NP -> the security threats 
NP -> the vice 
NP -> saudi arabia 
NP -> this credit row name of dikes 
NP -> this company for information 
NP -> pk bases 
NP -> the received report 
NP -> such time 
NP -> their disengagement 
NP -> the combination of experimental sciences 
NP -> industry and production 
NP -> another armed theft 
NP -> these technologies 
NP -> the budget for these plans 
NP -> the existing members 
NP -> the mentioned robot 
NP -> the use of force 
NP -> these trees 
NP -> master tajvidi 's 
NP -> two thirds 
NP -> immigrant families 
NP -> the dikes in the country 
NP -> the internal disagreements 
NP -> the inhuman policy 
NP -> national tv 
NP -> their designs 
NP -> the electricity cut 
NP -> america , dubai and london 
NP -> one day hitler 
NP -> the orators and the scholars 
NP -> his union 
NP -> bea 's leadership 
NP -> islamic sanctities 
NP -> bangiz 
NP -> the popular front 
NP -> mazandaran 
NP -> the eager spirits 
NP -> politics 
NP -> all the institutions and organs 
NP -> the notice boards 
NP -> the horse racing ceremony 
NP -> a formal visit 
NP -> films 
NP -> mashhad railway 
NP -> departure towards zabol 
NP -> three times 
NP -> cooperative laws taking into consideration the 
NP -> the headless palms 
NP -> grand temple of imam khomeini ( 
NP -> beirut on friday the palestinian fighters 
NP -> friends talking about religion 
NP -> an extensive surgery operation 
NP -> supporting p 
NP -> the responsible officials 
NP -> the first opportunity 
NP -> intelligence on the joint iraqi 
NP -> companies transferable in such a way 
NP -> fall 
NP -> unemployment , jobs 
NP -> the dollar 
NP -> the first time in the country 
NP -> the rebuilding of the economy 
NP -> the political ( navaz sahrif ) 
NP -> european union 's 
NP -> the skin heat 
NP -> consultation offices 
NP -> the theoretical arena 
NP -> obstacles which are created by pakistan 
NP -> our benefit of this banquet 
NP -> any government view 
NP -> opec 
NP -> ambassador in turkey 
NP -> revolution 
NP -> turkish mortar attacks 
NP -> sudan too in its front 
NP -> the reports of irna 
NP -> starch 
NP -> a proposition 
NP -> the government 's reports 
NP -> his idea 
NP -> a script 
NP -> the issues and problems of iranians 
NP -> the convenience entertainment organization 
NP -> the army 
NP -> tyranny and tyrant 
NP -> many works 
NP -> the domestic field 
NP -> reluctance 
NP -> the sanction 
NP -> independence from all and dependence 
NP -> a full sized quranic mirror 
NP -> the small problems 
NP -> the long - term 
NP -> year need time to exercise these 
NP -> a veterinarian 
NP -> frank walter steinmeier 
NP -> complete quran recitation 
NP -> beans and various chickpeas 
NP -> omid bonakdar 
NP -> the racist outlook 
NP -> the former minister 
NP -> negative propaganda 
NP -> border regions 
NP -> the permanent representatives 
NP -> the international stock 
NP -> increasing price 
NP -> the second rising 
NP -> forces in the information dissemination area 
NP -> year occupation 
NP -> an invasive weapon 
NP -> the bush administration 
NP -> the rotation of fuel 
NP -> the volleyball team 
NP -> the stock exchange 
NP -> the rule 
NP -> the first people ' 
NP -> a compulsive disorder 
NP -> any other people ' 
NP -> another reply 
NP -> the victor 
NP -> the french foreign minister 
NP -> the heads of the state judiciary 
NP -> dialogue about the nuclear issues 
NP -> all rotating 
NP -> the iran 's 
NP -> ang song suchi 
NP -> enough food and water 
NP -> humanity and steps 
NP -> certain policies 
NP -> other groups 
NP -> bush the more 
NP -> the tax income of the government 
NP -> iraq 's deputy president 
NP -> many of them 
NP -> the very important incidents 
NP -> the initiation 
NP -> suffering and victimized people 
NP -> educated persons in this section 
NP -> iran 's interference in iraq 
NP -> his period of youth 
NP -> the human society 
NP -> its heart 
NP -> immediate mutual efforts 
NP -> his footprints 
NP -> the decision of the members present 
NP -> the dashboard 
NP -> these two films 
NP -> the positive things such as blood 
NP -> the blow of the wind 
NP -> islam , immaculate imams 
NP -> manteghi 
NP -> iran 's ambassador 
NP -> pressure 
NP -> all economic activists 
NP -> joint workshops 
NP -> this railway 
NP -> economy , commerce and technology 
NP -> this council 
NP -> victory war 
NP -> his next week ' 
NP -> the unfinished story 
NP -> direct relation 
NP -> memorable formula 
NP -> management of weight 
NP -> its fleet 
NP -> the iraqi war 
NP -> the expectation 
NP -> some countries share 
NP -> the martyrs ideals 
NP -> soil 
NP -> a handicraft and indigenous industry 
NP -> the new treaty 
NP -> fundamental and infrastructural fields 
NP -> turkey 's military intervention in iraq 
NP -> sa'ad 
NP -> the iranian people and government 
NP -> these points 
NP -> the law makers 
NP -> iraqi kurdistan workers ' 
NP -> six thousand members 
NP -> the pressure of the shock 
NP -> me and you 
NP -> noises 
NP -> shojaee 
NP -> the young iranian scientist 
NP -> the hardship of the route 
NP -> all its essence 
NP -> improvement of his condition 
NP -> afghanistan and then iraq 
NP -> the republic of serbeska 
NP -> such a person 
NP -> humid and dry conditions and tropical 
NP -> mammography 
NP -> the information and coordination 
NP -> natural resources and damage 
NP -> the verge of general election 
NP -> the way 
NP -> the last few years 
NP -> this career 
NP -> one card 
NP -> the other 's 
NP -> means 
NP -> an arrest warrent 
NP -> the temporary authority 
NP -> the reason 
NP -> the fall 
NP -> this racism , from that time 
NP -> the current budget 
NP -> greek 
NP -> the freedom of belief 
NP -> terrorism law 
NP -> technical knowledge 
NP -> the national conference 
NP -> his public prayers 
NP -> the existence of an independent iran 
NP -> the iraqi territory 
NP -> god persepolis 
NP -> culture , identity and values 
NP -> the irna reporter 
NP -> my outlook on basij 
NP -> the implementation of justice 
NP -> the insured 
NP -> permanent members 
NP -> the general assembly ' s vote 
NP -> planning , campaigns and marketing 
NP -> the beginning of league competitions 
NP -> an approximate plan 
NP -> development plans 
NP -> john karrie 's 
NP -> the country 's ambassadors 
NP -> a sofian 
NP -> jotiapa city 
NP -> the same word jorge bush 
NP -> the assassination of putin 
NP -> villains in people 
NP -> membership 
NP -> the russian leaders 
NP -> health , disease and hardship 
NP -> a joint document 
NP -> inflation rate 
NP -> the members of the household 
NP -> manufacturing consent 
NP -> the muslims 
NP -> srebrenica 
NP -> the government for some times 
NP -> weight 
NP -> the end of the river 
NP -> the kurd villages 
NP -> these traveler ' 
NP -> some people who resist 
NP -> the world trade regulations 
NP -> investigation on our soil 
NP -> its children 
NP -> islam and the world of islam 
NP -> the probable mission 
NP -> more trade unions 
NP -> the word 
NP -> this mentality 
NP -> arabic solidarity 
NP -> assassination of the international financial system 
NP -> mohammad hossein barzin stated 
NP -> divine and religious culture in country 
NP -> the timeliness 
NP -> the north 
NP -> an infringement 
NP -> a peaceful solution 
NP -> the resistance culture and the martyrdom 
NP -> the secrets of their own hearts 
NP -> the exhibit 
NP -> the nature of their jobs 
NP -> both eastern and western sides 
NP -> the parliaments 
NP -> china america 
NP -> these culprits 
NP -> the cultural and journalistic deputy 
NP -> its particular policy 
NP -> future matches 
NP -> the products become more complicated 
NP -> dialysis 
NP -> the worst possible for a president 
NP -> the entire country 
NP -> iran nuclear programs 
NP -> this burg 
NP -> hundreds of kilometers 
NP -> the introduction of new ministers 
NP -> present time and they 
NP -> criminological 
NP -> mohammad bagher ghalibaf 
NP -> his wife 
NP -> exploitation of the occupied territories 
NP -> islamic republic 
NP -> turkey 's measure 
NP -> the clash of these two aspects 
NP -> captivity hizbullah 
NP -> the brave action 
NP -> the importing of merchandise 
NP -> the biggest cultural 
NP -> part of the french police 
NP -> the presence of foreigners 
NP -> this complex 
NP -> the cession of public companies 
NP -> painting art 
NP -> cultural and ideological threats 
NP -> group customers 
NP -> the arabian countries 
NP -> professors and them 
NP -> approval 
NP -> the passing 
NP -> the publication of such drawings 
NP -> this ministry 
NP -> the greatest accomplishment 
NP -> investigation 
NP -> relations with america 
NP -> wealth including types of wealth , 
NP -> the arena 
NP -> a specific opinion 
NP -> the movements 
NP -> parviz davoudi first vice president 
NP -> volfovitz 
NP -> radio and television 
NP -> tonight ' 
NP -> the war 
NP -> the working visa 
NP -> the daily ration 
NP -> the academic papers 
NP -> the eleventh festival 
NP -> internal competitions besides pistachio 
NP -> the international assembly 
NP -> a courageous faithful 
NP -> the generation 
NP -> kurds , sunnis and shiites 
NP -> the deadliest locations 
NP -> agreements 
NP -> the presence of the president 
NP -> paris against scotland 
NP -> iran ' s football 
NP -> animal oil 
NP -> the us accomplishes 
NP -> the soap 
NP -> esfahan and iraqi cities 
NP -> the leaders of that country 
NP -> master 's degree 
NP -> campaign 
NP -> the stories 
NP -> its nation and leadership 
NP -> the carelessness of the bank employee 
NP -> environmental problems in the iranian media 
NP -> scholars and knowledgeables 
NP -> all systems 
NP -> excessively 
NP -> the profitability 
NP -> the two months 
NP -> many disciples 
NP -> a cure for the grief 
NP -> the transmission of to themselves 
NP -> the financial sector 
NP -> three months 
NP -> progress for the nation one 
NP -> expert examination 
NP -> the terrorist incident 
NP -> the same traditional exports 
NP -> their residing countries 
NP -> the arab league 
NP -> all the scenes 
NP -> better access to the global markets 
NP -> extensive improvements 
NP -> the winner 
NP -> cession of public institutions 
NP -> farahi 
NP -> the ruling party 
NP -> arrest 
NP -> the joining 
NP -> the organization of the exhibition 
NP -> respected social exchanges 
NP -> the occupied city of jerusalem 
NP -> kirkuk 
NP -> a big success for tehran 
NP -> the evening of monday in damascus 
NP -> the plays 
NP -> people and the private sector 
NP -> a permit from qatar 
NP -> don ' 
NP -> the needs of this devoted stratum 
NP -> the eternity 
NP -> little 
NP -> opec decisions 
NP -> the merciful 
NP -> psychology and physically 
NP -> all the centers 
NP -> the echo organization meeting 
NP -> a self governing organization 
NP -> the white protestants 
NP -> the government expediency council 
NP -> irna reporter 
NP -> the seat of power 
NP -> the imposed war 
NP -> the foreign ministry of england 
NP -> military operations in this region 
NP -> these prayers of the nights 
NP -> hopko company with a sever competition 
NP -> oroumieh lake 
NP -> the list of local smuggled goods 
NP -> the clerics scholars and professors 
NP -> the oldest entomology museum 
NP -> the old contexts of the cities 
NP -> second country of the world 
NP -> the evening 
NP -> limited resources in the private sector 
NP -> america and the west 
NP -> process of this country 
NP -> robbery 
NP -> thorough and democratic discussions 
NP -> the received report from gaza 
NP -> a coordinated and measured action 
NP -> a much more capability 
NP -> the special services 
NP -> a mosque 
NP -> consumed electricity 
NP -> the economic development 
NP -> its answer 
NP -> new delhi 
NP -> isteaza 
NP -> the tourists 
NP -> the strong objection 
NP -> complete human at goodness and god 
NP -> the ministry of information 
NP -> course 
NP -> the most important aims 
NP -> democracy in this country 
NP -> this meeting 
NP -> people ' s presence 
NP -> finance ministers of the world 
NP -> these changes 
NP -> a specified supervisor 
NP -> several million toomans 
NP -> acknowledged defeat 
NP -> the bilateral nuclear agreement 
NP -> the member countries of the non 
NP -> the hot season 
NP -> his book 
NP -> their apex 
NP -> republics 
NP -> the arab league having visited rice 
NP -> the most heroic of heroes 
NP -> growth and nourishment 
NP -> the endless efforts 
NP -> the county 
NP -> the voice 
NP -> the deceased in semnan province 
NP -> the respondents 
NP -> disability and injury 
NP -> month ramadan 
NP -> mathnavi and couplet each 
NP -> the decline of anti americanism 
NP -> shilat fisheries 
NP -> the two days 
NP -> the parliament 's statutes 
NP -> the next round of these negotiations 
NP -> the heads 
NP -> the amendment 
NP -> this chart 
NP -> prime minister '' shinzo abe 
NP -> encountering sources of insecurity 
NP -> bushehr university of medical science 
NP -> the special clinics 
NP -> statement 
NP -> the brain called anterior visual cortex 
NP -> some of the city services 
NP -> the seminary in qom 
NP -> the foreign investments 
NP -> the urgency 
NP -> the hidden secrets of the quran 
NP -> this match 
NP -> the discoloration 
NP -> friends and companions 
NP -> their country 's history 
NP -> the israeli actions 
NP -> the back and inside of ears 
NP -> the insurgents of the party 
NP -> a state 
NP -> political stability in the region 
NP -> the taxes of the construction permit 
NP -> the conditions and position 
NP -> the examples 
NP -> details for desirable economic decision makings 
NP -> designs and patterns 
NP -> the ministry of agriculture jihad 
NP -> the new civilization 
NP -> the european movement 
NP -> their cooperation 
NP -> national resources of gilan province 
NP -> america ' s foreign ministry 
NP -> its waste materials and mud 
NP -> the next instance 
NP -> other enactments of the cooperative sector 
NP -> iranians 
NP -> praise , group 
NP -> purchasing drugs 
NP -> general secretary 
NP -> a full meal 
NP -> incidently such matter 
NP -> a reforming 
NP -> offices 
NP -> the southeastern front 
NP -> their personnel 
NP -> an announcement 
NP -> some representatives 
NP -> the identification and control 
NP -> the margins 
NP -> this address 
NP -> an important investment 
NP -> the empowerment 
NP -> other match 
NP -> the people of turkey 
NP -> the people of this region 
NP -> the best ones 
NP -> clients 
NP -> the followers of religions 
NP -> fussiness 
NP -> the last noticeable change 
NP -> the country 's whole budget bill 
NP -> types 
NP -> a parliament deputy 
NP -> members 
NP -> irna correspondent 
NP -> clergies 
NP -> a huge collection 
NP -> the first years 
NP -> cooperation 
NP -> zbigniew brzezinski 
NP -> ministers 
NP -> more than one million families 
NP -> weakening 
NP -> a hundred armed men 
NP -> the remaining traces en > 
NP -> specifically border regions such as koramshahr 
NP -> this number 
NP -> robert gates 
NP -> two key treaties 
NP -> some palestinian groups 
NP -> the present parties 
NP -> transmission 
NP -> the zionist regime in ankara 
NP -> the central asian electricity power network 
NP -> the structure of planning 
NP -> armed robbery 
NP -> the university entrance examination 
NP -> almanar news network 
NP -> the arab tribes 
NP -> stock exchange 
NP -> the announcement 
NP -> this enactment 
NP -> the files for the requested medicines 
NP -> independence 
NP -> the second chapter ammar 's 
NP -> this depiction 
NP -> the prevention of the decline birthrate 
NP -> the supreme national security council 
NP -> members of national team 
NP -> the authorities ' 
NP -> national borders people 
NP -> the two neighboring muslim countries 
NP -> this animosity 
NP -> our emotional and social basis 
NP -> the rites and blessings 
NP -> this politicization 
NP -> qom 
NP -> father ' s point 
NP -> the function of these groups 
NP -> islamic society and nation 
NP -> these ideals and values 
NP -> numbers and figures 
NP -> these operations which are unlikely 
NP -> individual ' 
NP -> the electronic stock market 
NP -> quran fair 
NP -> the likes of it 
NP -> the military station of mosharaf 
NP -> mass destruction 
NP -> the nuclear case of iran 
NP -> a baby 
NP -> the executive 
NP -> satan escapes 
NP -> the period of the holy defense 
NP -> the name and tune 
NP -> intelligence officer 
NP -> sert 
NP -> taxi accidents 
NP -> more points 
NP -> the transformations 
NP -> more and irregular utilization 
NP -> allah zarghami 
NP -> iran as the official member 
NP -> army guards 
NP -> development and facilitation 
NP -> < sanjar > region in mosul 
NP -> the martial life 
NP -> licence 
NP -> one night 
NP -> the near future 
NP -> the insertion 
NP -> a great share 
NP -> the tricks 
NP -> the teaching 
NP -> the studios 
NP -> the research 
NP -> the governments of the region 
NP -> the preparation 
NP -> this law 
NP -> turkish officials 
NP -> today 's generation of society 
NP -> one 
NP -> advanced technology 
NP -> this continuity due to imam 
NP -> this lake 
NP -> the pattern of consumption 
NP -> faculty and the consultation center 
NP -> the people of this autonomous republic 
NP -> the occupation of palestine by israel 
NP -> the showing 
NP -> poutine 
NP -> a little rest 
NP -> connection 
NP -> the official declaration 
NP -> a paramedic 
NP -> the lines 
NP -> his photograph 
NP -> pants 
NP -> the wounded 
NP -> the zionist regime 's army attack 
NP -> internationalism ( internationalism ) 
NP -> both interest 
NP -> large bills 
NP -> the two upper septum 
NP -> these ceremonies 
NP -> tehran 's 
NP -> traditions 
NP -> time the building seriously 
NP -> the most important serious obstacles 
NP -> iran individuals 
NP -> shortcomings 
NP -> the hot waterless 
NP -> successful 
NP -> the location and existing situation 
NP -> the northern side 
NP -> cinematic complex of mazandaran province locates 
NP -> surrounding streets 
NP -> brussels 
NP -> sport club of bandar abbas 
NP -> our aim 
NP -> political , cultural and literary figures 
NP -> the white house 
NP -> his verse 
NP -> houses and committed robbery 
NP -> iranians like kerwans oganians 
NP -> administrative managers 
NP -> coalition 
NP -> insults and bad behaviors 
NP -> the region for their administration 
NP -> pictures 
NP -> life and guidelines 
NP -> western media without frowning 
NP -> some time in the media 
NP -> the readiness 
NP -> hundreds of thousands 
NP -> every kind of vice and mischievousness 
NP -> the anarchists 
NP -> a very quiet market in steel 
NP -> the general roads 
NP -> all putin ' 
NP -> your doll 
NP -> collaborations 
NP -> a new subject 
NP -> a comprehensive evaluation 
NP -> party 
NP -> wrestling ' 
NP -> the national economic council and jim 
NP -> conscious or unconscious movements of fingers 
NP -> the increasing missile threats 
NP -> this two day meeting 
NP -> the appearance 
NP -> the senate house 
NP -> this drug 
NP -> your deadline 
NP -> establishment 
NP -> the desired security 
NP -> the white house 's 
NP -> issues the middle east 
NP -> the opposition 
NP -> a set 
NP -> iraqi refugees 
NP -> the acceleration 
NP -> a superior power ruler 
NP -> this treat 
NP -> a serious turning 
NP -> quran and jowshan prayers 
NP -> the investment of cooperative units 
NP -> this network 
NP -> distribution and management 
NP -> ben osman 
NP -> the specialized branches of political psychology 
NP -> unhappy youth 
NP -> particular attention 
NP -> extravagant and radical innovative circulations 
NP -> analysis and translation 
NP -> the scope of frontiers 
NP -> a dynamic and creative mind 
NP -> superpowers 
NP -> the inappropriate and severe sanctions 
NP -> the circumstances 
NP -> the political ideologies 
NP -> the middle east ' 
NP -> his own party flag 
NP -> enemies and atheists quran 
NP -> father ' 
NP -> one of the sub 
NP -> the evil temptations of satan 
NP -> mr. behjat 
NP -> minister 
NP -> this attention 
NP -> america ' s '' promotion 
NP -> other substances 
NP -> economic decision makers 
NP -> more radioactivity 
NP -> ashtijeh 
NP -> provinces and branches 
NP -> a few individuals 
NP -> environmental matters 
NP -> unmanned aeroplanes 
NP -> a criteria the beginning and reference 
NP -> governments 
NP -> two third of american people 
NP -> the new plan 
NP -> the remainder 
NP -> irna report 
NP -> the topographical problem 
NP -> the shiites thoughts 
NP -> retired brigadier 
NP -> the rock engravings 
NP -> market price 
NP -> a person 
NP -> the foreign affairs 
NP -> the movement of the prophets 
NP -> nationalities 
NP -> the pure and desirous hearts 
NP -> the minority of the seventh parliament 
NP -> exporting 
NP -> free banking 
NP -> the accessing of network 
NP -> this adventure 
NP -> a different type of directing 
NP -> georgia ' 
NP -> the optical computers 
NP -> exorbitant expense 
NP -> different viewpoints 
NP -> superstitious fear 
NP -> special branches 
NP -> the specific order 
NP -> the corresponding media 
NP -> bidaki 
NP -> the arenas of forests and pastures 
NP -> the credit of the united states 
NP -> economic development 
NP -> moscow international aerospace fair 
NP -> this cabinet 
NP -> these contests in the best way 
NP -> the repression of secessionists 
NP -> bolivia ' 
NP -> the critical point 
NP -> the location of this airport 
NP -> specific titles 
NP -> the ship 
NP -> use 
NP -> the ministry of culture and guidance 
NP -> a final approval of attacks 
NP -> doubt and uncertainty 
NP -> any achievement 
NP -> the limited spaces 
NP -> quran and the prayer of joushan 
NP -> fast and the indigent 
NP -> evening suicide bombing 
NP -> societies 
NP -> the palestine ' s self 
NP -> the tatters pockets turn up side 
NP -> commerce card 
NP -> the largest provider 
NP -> the brain 
NP -> withdrawal of troops 
NP -> the largest world institution 
NP -> the foreign ministry in this period 
NP -> the root of the matter 
NP -> something new 
NP -> no similarity 
NP -> ground 
NP -> manmohan 
NP -> occupied year 
NP -> the last week 
NP -> this phrase 
NP -> the receipt 
NP -> the french franc 
NP -> the call of the us president 
NP -> reuters 's 
NP -> laleh zar street 
NP -> institutes and an increase 
NP -> the centers for detoxification in addicts 
NP -> the third position 
NP -> the income of the customs 
NP -> some million lines 
NP -> aqsa martyr ' 
NP -> my birthday present 
NP -> the harmadan plain toward escape spots 
NP -> another side 
NP -> european leagues 
NP -> the resources and adequate power 
NP -> the west bank 
NP -> violation of islamic sanctities 
NP -> another revolution rafael ramiz 
NP -> a joint statement to be issued 
NP -> paskof 
NP -> the international tourism 
NP -> the social harms and complications 
NP -> a positive move 
NP -> dependence 
NP -> fight 
NP -> efficiency 
NP -> hide form 
NP -> the field of housing 
NP -> an appointment 
NP -> incorporation 
NP -> the scholars and artists 
NP -> order to convince behartia janata party 
NP -> the greek students 
NP -> the thursday report 
NP -> iran ( irna ) 
NP -> safety private companies 
NP -> case mother carrier 
NP -> the formation of zionist regime 
NP -> the zionism movement 
NP -> supply and demand 
NP -> our country the happy eid fetr 
NP -> another angle 
NP -> the capital of czech republic 
NP -> the rural and tribal areas 
NP -> india 's communist party leader 
NP -> the department 
NP -> these works 
NP -> really self 
NP -> an hour 
NP -> the occupation of farming and veterinary 
NP -> a serious threat for society 
NP -> perfection 
NP -> the reason of getting a warning 
NP -> this concern 
NP -> production costs 
NP -> the annual message 
NP -> the announced standards by central bank 
NP -> the loughborough university 
NP -> holy quran 
NP -> his primary works 
NP -> the qualities 
NP -> privilege 
NP -> governmental press freedom watchdog institute 
NP -> ezzatullah entezami 
NP -> the third part 
NP -> these ideas 
NP -> the importance of rice 
NP -> the encouragement of the economic files 
NP -> endowment 
NP -> the account of small quick 
NP -> new outlooks 
NP -> iran iran 
NP -> workers ( with no id ) 
NP -> the export possibility of iranian wheat 
NP -> case of standoff in this negotiation 
NP -> persistent development 
NP -> the start of this proper movement 
NP -> mosul 
NP -> generations 
NP -> living beings 
NP -> the theater of holy defense 
NP -> the pakistan secretary 
NP -> khuzestan province general directorate of information 
NP -> their affairs 
NP -> the foreign minister 
NP -> the existing circumstances 
NP -> the major pruderies of humanity 
NP -> the purchaser of the residence 
NP -> the basic document for approval 
NP -> distribution 
NP -> the government of emirate 
NP -> the light 
NP -> news staff 
NP -> two women 
NP -> the zionist soldiers 
NP -> the first strategy 
NP -> brown ' s action 
NP -> iran iraq 
NP -> favor of regional peace 
NP -> three rounds 
NP -> education in economics and political affairs 
NP -> india , perkash karat , 
NP -> expertise of the non 
NP -> azar in vietnam 
NP -> the former union 
NP -> basket 
NP -> scar tissue 
NP -> the migration 
NP -> an intellectual poet like him 
NP -> a critical condition 
NP -> the improvement project of azadi square 
NP -> emirates 
NP -> the new programs 
NP -> this point onward 
NP -> the land of palestinians 
NP -> the west of this country 
NP -> baluchi families 
NP -> hoseini 
NP -> all your propaganda 
NP -> an indication 
NP -> the society from production force 
NP -> amin pour 
NP -> western media 's 
NP -> a question 
NP -> the problem of people 
NP -> mobarekeh mohammad allahnia 
NP -> harsh attitude 
NP -> the parliament or the congress 
NP -> iranian negotiators in islam abad 
NP -> this authority of nasa 
NP -> continuing diplomacy 
NP -> report n 
NP -> the experience of afghanistan 
NP -> the companionship of quran 
NP -> a healthy and lively society 
NP -> rice 
NP -> a chosen nation 
NP -> a bombing incident 
NP -> the information dissemination area 
NP -> a dirt road 
NP -> the european parliament seats 
NP -> dominance and exploitation 
NP -> a question and answer meeting 
NP -> missile defense of nato 
NP -> chance of strict sanctions 
NP -> the corners 
NP -> the turmoil of this period 
NP -> the bank 's 
NP -> domestic resources 
NP -> first three ranks 
NP -> these islands 
NP -> the form of the current situation 
NP -> peace and democracy 
NP -> dr. sobuti and his footprints 
NP -> the rays 
NP -> the streets 
NP -> a carnal quality 
NP -> operation 
NP -> the vehicle 
NP -> his amended cabinet abeh 
NP -> tehran the late ayatollah hamedani 
NP -> the speaker of the governmental body 
NP -> the american society 
NP -> imperialism and ownership of the world 
NP -> the initiators 
NP -> the seventh of november 
NP -> she who is divorced 
NP -> protestors 
NP -> oven hargivz 
NP -> parts 
NP -> decisions 
NP -> uland pusten 
NP -> these demonstrations 
NP -> vladimir putin russia 
NP -> the efforts and measures 
NP -> southern america 
NP -> this relation 
NP -> hazards and a mistake 
NP -> the awe of every viewer 
NP -> the role of standards 
NP -> an additional expense 
NP -> guidance 
NP -> the retina 
NP -> those powerful who were entangled 
NP -> a single list 
NP -> british generals 
NP -> internal competitions 
NP -> geopolitics 
NP -> e akram 
NP -> its designer and implementer 
NP -> tents and they 
NP -> this quranic expression 
NP -> the deep feeling 
NP -> the seminary 
NP -> crocker report realistic and unbiased 
NP -> this agency 
NP -> their activity 
NP -> a group massacre 
NP -> a shock 
NP -> the gates of hell 
NP -> fakeh 
NP -> the worst possible 
NP -> parliamentary representatives 
NP -> people not very literate unfamiliar 
NP -> country will 
NP -> mrs. alio 
NP -> rice ' s forthcoming trip 
NP -> useful work 
NP -> medical science 
NP -> the operator 
NP -> the holding of this session 
NP -> love and interest 
NP -> his fiends 
NP -> deceptive polyarchic elections 
NP -> the unions 
NP -> a big number 
NP -> bloody battles between the taliban group 
NP -> no relation 
NP -> these reasons 
NP -> the existing and future challenges 
NP -> some reporters 
NP -> producers ' 
NP -> same the enmity 
NP -> a sword ( red death ) 
NP -> the speaker of the head 
NP -> the gymnastic league 
NP -> invitation 
NP -> the fruit 
NP -> humankind 
NP -> the centers 
NP -> film three 
NP -> the shell 
NP -> the prosecutor general 
NP -> quran house organization 
NP -> the proposed resolution 
NP -> franc 's defeat 
NP -> his plurality 
NP -> periino 
NP -> the composers 
NP -> the permit of construction 
NP -> european artistic works and items 
NP -> this color 
NP -> warmer for example 
NP -> controlling liquidity 
NP -> angels 
NP -> tenders and auctions 
NP -> this situation along the iraq 
NP -> the south of serbia 
NP -> gorge gebur 
NP -> the tubing 
NP -> poverty and inequality 
NP -> the face of the iranian nation 
NP -> the specified legitimate date 
NP -> bodily activity 
NP -> his moral virtues and characteristics 
NP -> five articles 
NP -> all hospitals 
NP -> the jews 
NP -> the boulevards 
NP -> this kind 
NP -> the commander of the armed forces 
NP -> beloved iran 
NP -> illegitimate 
NP -> a full meal of barley bread 
NP -> saee in the qualification 
NP -> the organization ' s resolutions 
NP -> way problems in the middle east 
NP -> a national movement 
NP -> umat 
NP -> the holly presence of imam reza 
NP -> this land 
NP -> impact on our relations 
NP -> professional directors of this genre 
NP -> protection and refuge god 
NP -> the director general of this union 
NP -> oil ministry 
NP -> the most important coin 
NP -> policy maker and power owner 
NP -> turkey ' 
NP -> these two issues 
NP -> more difficult everyday 
NP -> the same as natural science 
NP -> the moscow 
NP -> clarifications 
NP -> ali khoshkhoo '' 
NP -> everybody who subjugates 
NP -> the multiplicity 
NP -> warmer 
NP -> mismanagement of the great powers 
NP -> its desired outcome 
NP -> the grounds for cultural conflicts 
NP -> a correct and right interaction 
NP -> the strength 
NP -> the new law 
NP -> most of his work 
NP -> the iranian commercial public company 
NP -> the government officials 
NP -> the moment 
NP -> horriat 
NP -> the hair in batches 
NP -> the intentions 
NP -> a sickle 
NP -> the financial situation 
NP -> different reasons 
NP -> these values 
NP -> the judges 
NP -> resources 
NP -> liberman 
NP -> the french newspaper guardian 
NP -> authorities ' 
NP -> the zionist enemy 
NP -> mass misfortunes 
NP -> tumult and uproar 
NP -> special budgets 
NP -> the targeted stratums 
NP -> karate referees of iran 
NP -> the central state 
NP -> actors 
NP -> five way agreements 
NP -> other ministries 
NP -> the residency of iranian ambassador 
NP -> washington regarding iran 's nuclear issue 
NP -> the announcements of nouri maleki 
NP -> the characters of the usurping government 
NP -> knowledge and understanding 
NP -> one airplanes 
NP -> the time of george 
NP -> a telephonic conversation 
NP -> first players ' talent 
NP -> a negative propaganda environment against iran 
NP -> the sunny mountain or the dry 
NP -> salt which is sweet 
NP -> its preservation 
NP -> imam ' s resistance 
NP -> the leading experts 
NP -> the goal of americans 
NP -> turkish kurdish workers party 
NP -> sovereignty 
NP -> a probable turkish military attack 
NP -> the declarations 
NP -> the principal country 
NP -> china and state america 
NP -> nothing in this regard 
NP -> this meticulous attention and careful study 
NP -> this woman 
NP -> many experts 
NP -> the upper hand in iraq 
NP -> cul de sac and desperation 
NP -> a bitter experience 
NP -> rigid structures 
NP -> khouzistan steel 
NP -> eye divergence or laziness 
NP -> further sanctions iran 
NP -> the developing exports bank 
NP -> a letter of understanding 
NP -> the city 's 
NP -> the front of mouths 
NP -> mosharaf 
NP -> the figure of fight 
NP -> these victims of violence 
NP -> two coins 
NP -> shirvan wa ' ili 
NP -> ambassador 
NP -> a check 
NP -> makarem 
NP -> a few moments and arrested 
NP -> this dispute 
NP -> one or several games en > 
NP -> the country in isfahan 
NP -> the most important parts 
NP -> the construction permit 
NP -> a confidential letter 
NP -> swingers 
NP -> the old contexts 
NP -> the young people of iran 
NP -> explorers spirit and opportunity 
NP -> first election 
NP -> one point 
NP -> the boarding 
NP -> its commitments 
NP -> these inquiries 
NP -> this terminal 
NP -> different capabilities of cooperation sector 
NP -> the turkish attack against northern iraq 
NP -> one of his statements 
NP -> ghaznavi rulers 
NP -> the announced standards 
NP -> one of his friends 
NP -> the political future 
NP -> the new conditions 
NP -> peikan soccer team 
NP -> careful planning 
NP -> many cultural centers 
NP -> tens 
NP -> weapons 
NP -> disasters 
NP -> isteghlal 
NP -> the persian lng company 's proposal 
NP -> the west side of the mosque 
NP -> the question 
NP -> the son doesn ' 
NP -> second country 
NP -> latin america 
NP -> the nuclear activity 
NP -> winner 
NP -> social welfare issues 
NP -> god ' s sake 
NP -> conduct vigil ceremonies 
NP -> this position taken by democrats 
NP -> this era 
NP -> oil production 
NP -> the command of basij resistance 
NP -> the automobile 
NP -> the objectives of the budget 
NP -> atomic installation demona 
NP -> huge budgets 
NP -> turkish kurdish workers 
NP -> humanities courses 
NP -> titles and nicknames 
NP -> support the operations 
NP -> technical terminology 
NP -> the president of france 
NP -> the area 's 
NP -> a symbol 
NP -> its application 
NP -> his goodness by generosity and kindness 
NP -> the peoples party 
NP -> the specialized committee 
NP -> quitting ? 
NP -> the passage 
NP -> rostam and raksh 
NP -> divers 
NP -> the operations of islamic jihad 
NP -> hamdia 
NP -> the account 
NP -> a gathering of reporters 
NP -> no evidences 
NP -> the decrease and increase 
NP -> employee unions 
NP -> the most sensitive spot 
NP -> the joy 
NP -> victims of internet threats 
NP -> its poets 
NP -> a social life 
NP -> taj mahal 
NP -> south pars because of the partnership 
NP -> the volcano victoria 
NP -> clear examples of child abuse 
NP -> a symbol of mourning 
NP -> more positive steps 
NP -> such culprits 
NP -> six thousand members in tehran 
NP -> the afternoon 
NP -> satarkhan avenue near behbodi avenue 
NP -> the services 
NP -> rich culture of athletics 
NP -> the great ayatollah behjat 
NP -> the automobile industry of iran 
NP -> maleki 's cabinet 
NP -> several times their population 
NP -> security of the international fuel 
NP -> the prosperity of the shiism thought 
NP -> engravings in book museums 
NP -> some sunni followers 
NP -> share of governmental companies 
NP -> assurance and use 
NP -> countries like zimbabwe 
NP -> their self 
NP -> military activities 
NP -> sunnism 
NP -> cultural opposition and conflict 
NP -> an economic and social point 
NP -> the comprehensive database 
NP -> a joint declaration 
NP -> the price of expert services 
NP -> the new coalition 
NP -> abstinence 
NP -> his viewpoint 
NP -> heaven garden of shiraz 
NP -> our eyes 
NP -> the after sales services 
NP -> the vacations 
NP -> opportunities 
NP -> agenda in order 
NP -> bilateral relations 
NP -> a president 
NP -> some officials 
NP -> the counselors japan 's 
NP -> the operations of the i 
NP -> the will 
NP -> pricing and supervision 
NP -> new laws and regulations 
NP -> the theories based on money 
NP -> six months 
NP -> fraud 
NP -> fluctuations 
NP -> the reciprocal actions 
NP -> iraqi kurdistan workers ' party 
NP -> america 's criminal government 
NP -> the general inspection organization 
NP -> an addict 
NP -> the vote 
NP -> agriculture 's entomology museum 
NP -> a very broad process 
NP -> the intentional assassination 
NP -> the price , export 
NP -> the existence of such statistics 
NP -> tomorrow ' 
NP -> the republican party camp 
NP -> the commander of armed forces headquarters 
NP -> unity 
NP -> five hundred al 
NP -> the sending 
NP -> the eulogy 
NP -> life in local melodies 
NP -> human status 
NP -> the title of group customers 
NP -> kabul 
NP -> a positive picture 
NP -> the path of progress and development 
NP -> the balaghi canyon 
NP -> society different phases 
NP -> consumers ' 
NP -> a kind 
NP -> information and advertising minister 
NP -> an orderly and intense planning 
NP -> the people 's indisposition 
NP -> a new start 
NP -> koranic activities 
NP -> faculty 
NP -> his joy 
NP -> students in each organization 
NP -> wrongdoers 
NP -> this proposal 
NP -> cultural locations 
NP -> the time of reagan 
NP -> the late amin pour 
NP -> long 
NP -> economic and finance matters 
NP -> the ministry of industry supply 
NP -> many of the shiites in iraq 
NP -> a completely transparent and open trend 
NP -> the distant years 
NP -> the realists 
NP -> the action of foreign ministry 
NP -> the advisors of the american administration 
NP -> voters 
NP -> number 
NP -> nuclear power plants 
NP -> situation human history 
NP -> a correct manner 
NP -> public participation province 
NP -> some sceneries 
NP -> turkish soldiers 
NP -> pakistan 's soil to india 
NP -> the evening party dress or jeans 
NP -> hojatoleslam samari 
NP -> charter 
NP -> zionist regime or transaction 
NP -> tanzih al 
NP -> commercial trade companies 
NP -> the host 
NP -> two frightening waves 
NP -> the god of the world 
NP -> zeal 
NP -> religious narrations 
NP -> this country ( myanmar ) 
NP -> ferdosy 's name in poems 
NP -> the country held in ilam 
NP -> plan and program 
NP -> the objective of these operations 
NP -> the virtue of night 
NP -> the ceremony 
NP -> the inflammation 
NP -> three parts 
NP -> the army near islamabad 
NP -> muhammad sabih 
NP -> many countries of the region 
NP -> special for public and private organizations 
NP -> the children 
NP -> a way unprecedented in history 
NP -> other cities 
NP -> a sin 
NP -> korbakandi 
NP -> solana representative foreign policy 
NP -> his excellency '' mostafa 
NP -> this poisons 
NP -> international laws 
NP -> accord 
NP -> its followers 
NP -> the commission 
NP -> perhaps more important 
NP -> pettiness and vileness 
NP -> the start of france tosen holidays 
NP -> every opec meeting 
NP -> the central offices 
NP -> women athletes of iran 
NP -> dictatorship in polyarchy 
NP -> chomsky 
NP -> pakistan parliament 
NP -> motalefe and others 
NP -> human rights in iraq 
NP -> the animosity 
NP -> substances 
NP -> no potion 
NP -> their motherlands 
NP -> iran khodro 
NP -> the army ' s command 
NP -> world pressure 
NP -> parts of iran 
NP -> the agency 's 
NP -> their education of quran 
NP -> the field of political psychology 
NP -> the effect 
NP -> ahmadinejad angrily expressed '' it 
NP -> the sale of shares 
NP -> cultural social and moral education 
NP -> sunni and shiite concurrently 
NP -> their attention 
NP -> comparison books of the same age 
NP -> works of art 
NP -> new markets 
NP -> opening of the office 
NP -> my point 
NP -> an interesting idea 
NP -> the great national poet of iran 
NP -> all iranian children 
NP -> parliamentary negotiations 
NP -> these students 
NP -> theoretical wisdom 
NP -> aspirations 
NP -> shiite 
NP -> the doctorate stage 
NP -> liquidity 
NP -> ardakan , taft and meibod 
NP -> chance 
NP -> visit to the egyptian officials 
NP -> the most important 
NP -> the mountainous dahuk regions 
NP -> the wind 
NP -> aghazadeh 
NP -> the extreme 
NP -> an extensive account 
NP -> commercial and agricultural policies 
NP -> polar order 
NP -> anybody 
NP -> the limitedness 
NP -> the rust of spirit and heart 
NP -> these two explorers 
NP -> ayatollah behjat 's 
NP -> one thousand square meters 
NP -> american soldiers in iraq 
NP -> the garment of humanity and steps 
NP -> imam moahmad bagher 
NP -> a meeting with him 
NP -> minorities ' 
NP -> dollar value 
NP -> the climax 
NP -> privileges 
NP -> governor bojnourd 
NP -> basic cells 
NP -> general 
NP -> the professors 
NP -> knowledgeable sources 
NP -> emphasis 
NP -> the first people ' s uprising 
NP -> our needs 
NP -> the islamic countries 
NP -> environmental situation 
NP -> a fuller and hatter 
NP -> the lifestyle 
NP -> unions 
NP -> official guests 
NP -> the revelry 
NP -> the deputy minister 
NP -> karimipur 
NP -> trucks 
NP -> sudan government 
NP -> an significant effect 
NP -> the parliamentary representatives 
NP -> one case 
NP -> each individual like a treasure 
NP -> the future outlook 
NP -> this country in the following week 
NP -> husseini 
NP -> these countries ' 
NP -> some of the channels of news 
NP -> border of politeness and respect 
NP -> the funds 
NP -> gas per day 
NP -> the membership 
NP -> all authorities 
NP -> a local data center 
NP -> dismantling of the two 
NP -> this situation 
NP -> this role 
NP -> ali mohammadi 
NP -> the ways of reforming the market 
NP -> melleh means purifying and purity 
NP -> an opportunity selection for example 
NP -> the continuation and completion 
NP -> a start 
NP -> a blacksmith 
NP -> the southern regions 
NP -> parliament because of its 
NP -> the authorities of nasa 
NP -> religion scholarly 
NP -> some part 
NP -> the essential factor 
NP -> the exclusive power of legitimate compulsion 
NP -> this issue he emphasized '' barzegar 
NP -> no restrictions 
NP -> the region mutual relations and ways 
NP -> all this emphasis 
NP -> the first trip 
NP -> this development 
NP -> session 
NP -> some internal currents and foreign powers 
NP -> the art department 
NP -> a ceremonywith 
NP -> activity of the 
NP -> pure thoughts 
NP -> more investment on the west 
NP -> the threshold of peace conference 
NP -> great britain 
NP -> the credit 
NP -> namely the monetary and credit council 
NP -> the conception 
NP -> $ year and the volfovitz 
NP -> the prison guard 
NP -> vehicles 
NP -> hatter 
NP -> fortunately a kind 
NP -> saipa 
NP -> indian foreign minister 
NP -> the fields of science 
NP -> moslems ' 
NP -> mehr doctors 
NP -> a distance 
NP -> the production market 
NP -> the human sciences 
NP -> yahya mo'az razi 
NP -> the visit of erdogan 
NP -> weakness of the resolutions 
NP -> their duties 
NP -> the time of anger and retaliation 
NP -> social moral security 
NP -> this time hojatoleslam pourmohamadi 
NP -> the guardianship 
NP -> devastation and destruction of everything 
NP -> the organizer 
NP -> all knowledge 
NP -> the last two years implemented 
NP -> the main policy of israel 
NP -> the destructive effects of oil inflation 
NP -> iran 's atomic plan 
NP -> our country to this issue 
NP -> art 
NP -> shiite , sunnite and kurd sides 
NP -> tomorrow 's 
NP -> hayyem english into persian dictionary 
NP -> these circles 
NP -> moscow such messages 
NP -> iraqi officials in istanbul 
NP -> most of the groups except hamas 
NP -> his birthday 
NP -> talebi 
NP -> the form of prayers 
NP -> one kilometer 
NP -> hasaneh bank 
NP -> the consequences 
NP -> findings 
NP -> an afresh circumambulation 
NP -> scientists and elites of azerbaijan 
NP -> european leaders 
NP -> remarkable military aids 
NP -> the power of the islamic world 
NP -> this organization 's 
NP -> engineer pazhohandeh 
NP -> amenities 
NP -> the development 
NP -> neighbors ' meddling 
NP -> disciplinary committee 
NP -> the trust 
NP -> meetings with singh 
NP -> names 
NP -> automobile 
NP -> some information segments 
NP -> its loaders 
NP -> creative and positive results 
NP -> the catastrophes 
NP -> our commercial regime in the present 
NP -> sensitive jobs and important meetings 
NP -> the desert 
NP -> abulfazl mesgarzadeh 
NP -> different reasons , one 
NP -> weapons transfer 
NP -> man 's heart 
NP -> complete information 
NP -> its safety 
NP -> the force in iraq 
NP -> the dictatorship period 
NP -> every day many iranians 
NP -> the helpers and companions 
NP -> the constitution of this country 
NP -> other foreign forces 
NP -> the massaging robot 
NP -> richard boucher 
NP -> gas opec 
NP -> oil for more time 
NP -> foreign banks 
NP -> the new reform treaty 
NP -> tehran city 
NP -> the period 
NP -> illegal and improper distribution 
NP -> defense minister of france 
NP -> this inflammation 
NP -> the committee of foreign investment 
NP -> assistant secretary of state 
NP -> disappointment towards our historical nations 
NP -> ardakan announcing this news 
NP -> agricultural or industrial 
NP -> the iranian exportation 
NP -> other countries considering these new realms 
NP -> unisef in iran 
NP -> the council of peace and development 
NP -> small domes 
NP -> the training of battle 
NP -> modern methods 
NP -> the general director 
NP -> an employee 
NP -> four vaults with small domes 
NP -> the real team 
NP -> the inauguration 
NP -> the suffix 
NP -> this package 
NP -> work in tehran 
NP -> squander 
NP -> interest loans 
NP -> its martyrs 
NP -> several telephone lines and fax 
NP -> the goals and values 
NP -> bread , high its throwing away 
NP -> a small amount of this substance 
NP -> ivanof 
NP -> the gaza neck 
NP -> their mosques 
NP -> the basket 
NP -> the trine stations 
NP -> the region of asara 
NP -> only small issues 
NP -> uninvited guests 
NP -> the middle east peace as necessary 
NP -> great britain 's 
NP -> the houses of health 
NP -> amrou mousa 
NP -> borrowed loan 
NP -> one force 
NP -> any budget and capacity 
NP -> alkaida 
NP -> the organization of this meeting 
NP -> centers and their certificate 
NP -> export gas in the peace pipeline 
NP -> lack 
NP -> crude gas 
NP -> seeds fall 
NP -> the cycle 
NP -> arm 
NP -> sensitive in the international stock market 
NP -> governments a 
NP -> security terms 
NP -> intervals travels 
NP -> the year $ year of christian 
NP -> oil and petroleum products 
NP -> violation of aerial space of georgia 
NP -> habibabadi office clerk and mohammadreza saghafian 
NP -> sellable petrochemical products 
NP -> human science 
NP -> modifications 
NP -> lavrov 
NP -> azadeh 
NP -> water fountains 
NP -> a world view 
NP -> firooz abadi 
NP -> this hypocrisy 
NP -> this offering 
NP -> some success 
NP -> a long period 
NP -> sudan experts 
NP -> the main motive 
NP -> transgression 
NP -> soldiers 
NP -> the finals 
NP -> the other side of the border 
NP -> perhaps the guests 
NP -> their eyes 
NP -> more inclinations 
NP -> the lady butoh 
NP -> international community 
NP -> the current year or recent months 
NP -> the presence of parviz parastooei 
NP -> nato ` s expansion 
NP -> extremist 
NP -> the presence 
NP -> food resources 
NP -> the management of the organization 
NP -> the countries ' 
NP -> the political map 
NP -> the edifice of the resistance plan 
NP -> the most important ambitions 
NP -> the most decrease 
NP -> an evidence of this claim 
NP -> united nations ' 
NP -> this duty 
NP -> true dreams 
NP -> the productive exclusivity 
NP -> these people 's 
NP -> specialized doctors 
NP -> iraqis ' arrival 
NP -> special boxes 
NP -> relationships between tehran and yerevan 
NP -> the political conditions under no circumstances 
NP -> freedom of belief 
NP -> a deteriorating dictatorship 
NP -> taekwondo federation 
NP -> the nature and composition 
NP -> his annual message 
NP -> those lines 
NP -> the member countries 
NP -> the people in his country 
NP -> islamic economy organization 
NP -> syria 
NP -> an important event 
NP -> euro 
NP -> the occurrence 
NP -> isna reporting 
NP -> necessary guarantees 
NP -> france and england 
NP -> the first one 
NP -> zobdegun 
NP -> downsizing government 
NP -> terrorist operations 
NP -> the transactional difficulty 
NP -> an active member 
NP -> the first taste of defeat 
NP -> the work 
NP -> resources and capacities 
NP -> the unending sky of this country 
NP -> the special envoys 
NP -> both cases 
NP -> abas ' policies 
NP -> my colleagues 
NP -> the eighteenth general congress 
NP -> production and construction of houses 
NP -> the scheme 
NP -> the week 
NP -> a cultural centre 
NP -> shiism 
NP -> progress and development 
NP -> a dual issue 
NP -> international peace and security 
NP -> realities 
NP -> the number of rockets 
NP -> future pakistani elections 
NP -> their children ' 
NP -> an orphan 
NP -> its enforcement 
NP -> the collateral impacts 
NP -> monday 
NP -> this kind of goods 
NP -> the ships 
NP -> the limits 
NP -> terms with the president 
NP -> our neighbors and friends 
NP -> the investigations of the police 
NP -> istefal 
NP -> the distributors 
NP -> the dishwashing liquid 
NP -> a system associated with religion 
NP -> the caricature 
NP -> baba jan 
NP -> ayatollah makarem shirazi 
NP -> both the ruling party 
NP -> the related regulation or rulebooks 
NP -> government officials 
NP -> the most efficient actions 
NP -> the status 
NP -> the quality of produced fish 
NP -> the corps 
NP -> the servants 
NP -> the battle ground 
NP -> all self - restraint 
NP -> thursday and friday 
NP -> translation of koran of jorjani > 
NP -> thecountry 
NP -> the main goal 
NP -> the cause of the high price 
NP -> the two 
NP -> the minister of oil and industries 
NP -> freestyle wrestling national team moezipor 
NP -> the islamic republic amidst 
NP -> cancellation 
NP -> the green light 
NP -> these negligences 
NP -> extremism 
NP -> their appropriate and adequate share 
NP -> commerce and industries and mines 
NP -> the democratic representative 
NP -> a request 
NP -> laboratory methods 
NP -> regulations and its legal rights 
NP -> a very distant ideal 
NP -> the us minister 
NP -> a large volume of the socio 
NP -> fussiness of america 
NP -> alireza noorbehesht 
NP -> disorders , alcoholism and pathological gambling 
NP -> healthy drinking water 
NP -> cultured man 
NP -> the best short documentary 
NP -> a historical event 
NP -> order to accomplish this guideline 
NP -> the tenacious opposition 
NP -> advanced controlling systems 
NP -> the personality of ozly 
NP -> newcamp 
NP -> the chain stores 
NP -> some friends 
NP -> talk with the reporters 
NP -> this new automobile system 
NP -> gharz - al - hasaneh operations 
NP -> his view 
NP -> the municipalities 
NP -> facilities and fund 
NP -> the socio 
NP -> others ' 
NP -> the establishment of social security a 
NP -> the brain 's pineal gland 
NP -> luxembourg 
NP -> the hidden imam 
NP -> abdollah gul his turkish counterpart 
NP -> plastic 
NP -> slightest 
NP -> foreign field 
NP -> any kind of sacrifice 
NP -> interest rates 
NP -> religious fundamentalism iranians 
NP -> the western life 
NP -> the taj 
NP -> mid way 
NP -> the recent demand 
NP -> holding early elections in england 
NP -> the possession 
NP -> the council of human rights 
NP -> political individuals in consuming countries 
NP -> twenty years 
NP -> our share 
NP -> the virtue 
NP -> licence holders 
NP -> foods 
NP -> his neck 
NP -> foodstuffs 
NP -> a rise 
NP -> third front 
NP -> hoveyzeh started while holding a ceremony 
NP -> this document 
NP -> many promises 
NP -> this expelling 
NP -> the secrets of quran 
NP -> the islamic hamas resistance movement 
NP -> paul volfowitz 
NP -> disciplinary confrontations 
NP -> the questions of this entity 
NP -> attitude in europe 
NP -> this characteristic 
NP -> the severe price calamities 
NP -> the municipal police 
NP -> tehran qom 
NP -> the most important north south corridor 
NP -> a new composition 
NP -> trip to tehran said 
NP -> his deeds 
NP -> individuals 
NP -> report and speech 
NP -> the intelligence organization 
NP -> politeness and respect 
NP -> the discover magazine 
NP -> a close combination 
NP -> the health minister 
NP -> the united arab emirates problems 
NP -> their differences regarding their skills 
NP -> density tolerance and a decrease 
NP -> the microsoft authorities 
NP -> iran and kazakhstan 
NP -> the fundamental problems 
NP -> the list of terrorists 
NP -> presence at such fairs 
NP -> its major attributes 
NP -> the publication of this scenario 
NP -> its first page 
NP -> the global economic growth 
NP -> one manufacturer in the other 
NP -> wear 
NP -> the reply 
NP -> important social or state figures 
NP -> foreign trade 
NP -> the issue of social development 
NP -> the problems of this country 
NP -> other issues in this bill 
NP -> a minority 
NP -> stock market price 
NP -> a private and separate talk 
NP -> the president of turkmenistan 
NP -> any action to prevent this problem 
NP -> the news correspondents photographers and domestic 
NP -> delivery pain 
NP -> a democratic government 
NP -> a lot of millimeters 
NP -> the country ' 
NP -> the managers ' 
NP -> the ladies ' 
NP -> fundamentals and also limits and its 
NP -> western governments 
NP -> their agreement 
NP -> first month 
NP -> our historical nations 
NP -> the minister of commerce 
NP -> various problems of the agricultural sector 
NP -> the last month 
NP -> oil 
NP -> sri lankan 
NP -> its goal 
NP -> makker 
NP -> mehraban in a glorious ceremony 
NP -> the necessary reports 
NP -> the manners 
NP -> these links 
NP -> brightness in the human 's heart 
NP -> the marvelous combination 
NP -> mike levitt the secretary 
NP -> this party 
NP -> dna and rna 
NP -> $ year coup - de 
NP -> the changing of the bills 
NP -> sarkozy and politicians around him 
NP -> a kind of primitive painting 
NP -> the cause 
NP -> fluctuations of market price 
NP -> the placing 
NP -> the other hand , muhammad sabih 
NP -> the first seconds 
NP -> a great number 
NP -> the ottoman empire 
NP -> the agenda of civil management 
NP -> the joint press conference 
NP -> ghandhari the executor 
NP -> these corruptions 
NP -> oneness 
NP -> the reporter 
NP -> akbar mardani 
NP -> centre 
NP -> the states ' 
NP -> numerous championship titles 
NP -> the unemployment rate 
NP -> unique experiences 
NP -> the revival 
NP -> colonel benjamin mixon 
NP -> the production capacity 
NP -> master homayounpour 's words 
NP -> normalization 
NP -> the previous one 
NP -> any will 
NP -> the middle 
NP -> pride for sudan 
NP -> this modification of state 
NP -> artistic organization 
NP -> the zionist leaders 
NP -> all of our effort 
NP -> the kurdish worker ' s party 
NP -> negative meaning 
NP -> hospital resources 
NP -> commerce and the banks 
NP -> all the countries 
NP -> mehapanra 
NP -> their water sector 
NP -> evolutions and the effects 
NP -> the accomplishment of his mission 
NP -> khajeh rashid 
NP -> the automatic house 
NP -> the economic problems 
NP -> the unique boldness 
NP -> isolated rooms 
NP -> the director of management development 
NP -> a local aspect 
NP -> great political and social events 
NP -> the organization of gas exporting countries 
NP -> ranking authorities 
NP -> a special attraction 
NP -> the arenas 
NP -> the idiotic point of this incident 
NP -> course in international pole 
NP -> creation human humans 
NP -> the financial sources 
NP -> environment , extinction of dialects , 
NP -> course ministry 
NP -> eyesight 
NP -> an official 
NP -> very necessary issue 
NP -> the joint bilateral viewpoints 
NP -> cautious 
NP -> kiev 
NP -> the rebuilding of the iranian society 
NP -> delays in completing this power plant 
NP -> the pavilion of the drugs 
NP -> a small country 
NP -> vitamins which reduce fetal defects 
NP -> the basis of a schedule 
NP -> the payment 
NP -> money circulation 
NP -> political history 
NP -> nissan and renault 
NP -> the police telephone 
NP -> the human beings ' 
NP -> the realm of koran 
NP -> islamic sciences 
NP -> the accounts 
NP -> many websites 
NP -> the results of caspian summit conference 
NP -> the presence of turkish kurd insurgents 
NP -> hunting boats 
NP -> a successful process 
NP -> the executive operation 
NP -> use of aiding medicines 
NP -> present duties 
NP -> this weekly magazine 
NP -> these two robots 
NP -> ideas 
NP -> the future of palestine 
NP -> green ash 
NP -> natural resources 
NP -> the other symptoms of imprisonment 
NP -> the high spirits 
NP -> each others 
NP -> the coming and going 
NP -> the major responsibilities 
NP -> our religious beliefs 
NP -> the national congress 
NP -> these goods 
NP -> the test 
NP -> this time 
NP -> iranian 
NP -> our master 
NP -> the volume of export rewards 
NP -> the schools 
NP -> the riots 
NP -> their products 
NP -> no room 
NP -> the elections during the last week 
NP -> my goal 
NP -> the relevant organs 
NP -> newsweek 
NP -> the neighborhood centric approach 
NP -> the focal point of negotiations 
NP -> a place 
NP -> the fasting 
NP -> the presence of putin 
NP -> the people of gilan 
NP -> the state 's 
NP -> the merged automobile manufacturing companies 
NP -> economic problems 
NP -> the necessary help 
NP -> the reliance of moscow 
NP -> the cooperation of this section 
NP -> the shelter 
NP -> deposing eynoddolleh 
NP -> karbala 
NP -> mehr explorer opportunity 
NP -> ali ibn mohammad samri 
NP -> precise and extensive information 
NP -> this ceremony 
NP -> russia 's soil and moscow 
NP -> no criminal group 
NP -> the appearance of islam 
NP -> his solitary hero 
NP -> tajik electricity company 
NP -> the past week 
NP -> parliamentary cooperation 
NP -> the truth 
NP -> this danish politician 
NP -> ramadan month 
NP -> the package 
NP -> quran reading 
NP -> the arrangements 
NP -> a stroll 
NP -> a worry 
NP -> syria peace 
NP -> the desires 
NP -> hamberton storm which has severely influenced 
NP -> protectors 
NP -> a knowledge 
NP -> peace and stability 
NP -> industrial townlet of printing 
NP -> a front against al 
NP -> diplomacy 
NP -> relocating 
NP -> paris to other destinations 
NP -> holders for receiving the dividend 
NP -> copper cathode 
NP -> the presence of binazir buto 
NP -> sport radio 
NP -> no goods 
NP -> the threatening signs 
NP -> the armed insurgents 
NP -> the caliphs 
NP -> any car maufacturing site 
NP -> the pecuniary damages 
NP -> the late ayatollah hamedani 
NP -> the urban environment 
NP -> other positive achievements 
NP -> this week europe of hypocrisy 
NP -> various types 
NP -> other structures 
NP -> the basket of inflation index 
NP -> a line 
NP -> their students ' 
NP -> a science 
NP -> few years 
NP -> peace and development 
NP -> the discussion of social work 
NP -> yes the word 
NP -> the pain of eternality 
NP -> the most comprehensive critique 
NP -> habiballah bitaraf 
NP -> a difference 
NP -> the requirements 
NP -> the election for the party leadership 
NP -> kurdistan workers ' 
NP -> two urban 
NP -> the worst strategy 
NP -> short and long term investment 
NP -> flour factories 
NP -> a lot with a computer 
NP -> enemy ' 
NP -> taq - e - bostan 
NP -> the revolution ' 
NP -> the production and export institutions 
NP -> the tendency for seasonal increase 
NP -> a unifying soul 
NP -> the board 
NP -> speech 
NP -> unemployment and economic problems 
NP -> deputy 
NP -> the exemplary wheat field 
NP -> the director of the agriculture 
NP -> time and cruelty of hearts 
NP -> the university of alberta in canada 
NP -> mr. sabeti 
NP -> the united states ' 
NP -> the hygiene theory 
NP -> the governing political group 
NP -> the deprived supporting orphans 
NP -> diabetes scientific society 
NP -> color and brush 
NP -> expertise in the arabic language 
NP -> molybdenum oxide 
NP -> the imports and exports 
NP -> the martial law regulations 
NP -> a movement 
NP -> remaining 
NP -> two days 
NP -> country 
NP -> this confidence 
NP -> the morning , jaleh square '' 
NP -> productive constructive plans 
NP -> the bag of dates 
NP -> the registration offices 
NP -> some arabic poems 
NP -> this matter in interview 
NP -> the basij headquarters 
NP -> their children 
NP -> sheikh tabrisi 's 
NP -> rasht 
NP -> dns server 
NP -> bush 's 
NP -> collapsing of u.s. ground forces 
NP -> a house with the truck 
NP -> the geometrical congruence of the edifice 
NP -> the tuesday gathering 
NP -> the mosque 
NP -> several reasons 
NP -> the borders of this country iraq 
NP -> one person 
NP -> different university koranic institutes 
NP -> a standpoint that is being reviewed 
NP -> the foreign relations committee 
NP -> governing 
NP -> any event 
NP -> good physical strength 
NP -> ayatollah khatami 
NP -> sacrifice 
NP -> a one year contract 
NP -> objection 
NP -> insurance and national economy 
NP -> abdolreza amini 
NP -> the statement of this day 
NP -> this conspiracy 
NP -> speakesmen of bush administration 
NP -> stuart williams 
NP -> dr habibi 
NP -> gas exportation 
NP -> himself 
NP -> america ' s attack 
NP -> an excuse and a sinister plot 
NP -> appropriate service provisions 
NP -> a message from ankara 
NP -> the doctor 
NP -> the creation 
NP -> a plan through granting such loans 
NP -> this grandiose plan 
NP -> king abdulla 
NP -> ostriches 
NP -> an appropriate method 
NP -> the various stages of planting 
NP -> your hardest 
NP -> these centers for consultation 
NP -> a simple crane for mr. latifi 
NP -> boushehr power plants 
NP -> first of january $ year 
NP -> conventions 
NP -> the director general 
NP -> an interview with irna in vienna 
NP -> those meetings 
NP -> trustees 
NP -> irna '' engraving of a two 
NP -> same proximity and our neighborhood 
NP -> other nations 
NP -> discussions the king 
NP -> economics and financial affairs 
NP -> role and internalize 
NP -> a satisfactory and clear picture 
NP -> lieu of maintaining ourselves 
NP -> the poet ' s commitment 
NP -> drug addiction 
NP -> the mehr news agency 
NP -> specialized departments 
NP -> the lower level 
NP -> the turks 
NP -> the cooperation agreement 
NP -> the child 
NP -> taekwondo 
NP -> a moment 
NP -> the minister of commerce of thailand 
NP -> the ministry of guidance 
NP -> their relatives 
NP -> our lives 
NP -> the great size 
NP -> any symptoms 
NP -> reform and improvement 
NP -> the sisters ' section nahid karimi 
NP -> methods and approaches of evaluation 
NP -> british 
NP -> the head of the caspian 
NP -> the year $ year ad 
NP -> the western civilization 
NP -> the month of esfand they clean 
NP -> a diplomatic and manner 
NP -> the hygiene and treatment network 
NP -> cultural problems 
NP -> the causation of each of them 
NP -> the elements 
NP -> a specific iranian bank 
NP -> the jungle law 
NP -> karadeh 
NP -> the confidence of all the lebanese 
NP -> darfur 
NP -> hundred persons of them 
NP -> the scene of existence 
NP -> a viewpoint 
NP -> a mistake 
NP -> haven ' 
NP -> the path of the countries 
NP -> based and psychological operations 
NP -> some of the corpses 
NP -> a certificate of recognition 
NP -> a fundamental point of view 
NP -> extremely small creatures such as phytoplanktons 
NP -> military police 
NP -> anyone in iran 
NP -> commercial exchanges expansion 
NP -> the persian golf developing bio 
NP -> such a region 
NP -> ana futiga minister 
NP -> negociation 
NP -> a container 
NP -> hafiz 
NP -> oral isteaza 
NP -> the verge of public election 
NP -> the mission of the self 
NP -> the rich farmers 
NP -> view and also internal nature 
NP -> interior 
NP -> us his documentary films 
NP -> a technical point 
NP -> the residence of iran 's ambassador 
NP -> a safe tablet quran 
NP -> the martyr fayyazbakhz auditorium 
NP -> this political organization 
NP -> the moral climate 
NP -> the recent trip 
NP -> farmers ' 
NP -> the health institute 
NP -> things and iran 
NP -> zadsar 
NP -> an order of merit 
NP -> ghafghaz , central asia and afghanistan 
NP -> the great size of this country 
NP -> force and tank and psychological war 
NP -> their alliance 
NP -> a determining role 
NP -> the government of india 
NP -> the signing 
NP -> rape 
NP -> watermelon 
NP -> these four individuals 
NP -> the respected reader 
NP -> an attempt 
NP -> jealous actions of government officials 
NP -> the social values and norms 
NP -> the state refinery 
NP -> objections 
NP -> the iraqi authorities 
NP -> the primary extravert plural ego 
NP -> the future successes of this association 
NP -> the absence of clients 
NP -> the expensiveness of machine parts 
NP -> the reputable publishers 
NP -> each member country 
NP -> the context of life and guidelines 
NP -> a strong pillar 
NP -> tabrez chamber 
NP -> the approaching 
NP -> judiciary 
NP -> these traveler ' s checks 
NP -> a profound level 
NP -> strong opposition 
NP -> the first 
NP -> islam karimov 's 
NP -> steel and iron 
NP -> the strengthening aggression in area 
NP -> north of baghdad 
NP -> holy mashad 
NP -> a greater return 
NP -> cement along specifying price 
NP -> the cook robot 
NP -> the continued existence 
NP -> the other 
NP -> executive offices 
NP -> this country ' 
NP -> this realization and fact 
NP -> the meetings of tehran 
NP -> this action of america 
NP -> hoveyda 
NP -> permission 
NP -> my collection 
NP -> elmegharebeh , a village 
NP -> the present article 
NP -> special volleyball competitions 
NP -> the holy defense 
NP -> the parity of production and consumption 
NP -> the arrangement 
NP -> the past six years 
NP -> tourism 
NP -> two separate orders 
NP -> power in iran 
NP -> terrorist p 
NP -> patience 
NP -> the colleges ' 
NP -> the provision of water security 
NP -> the main asset 
NP -> holistic medicine 
NP -> their property 
NP -> the islamic countries ' women contests 
NP -> moscow and the west 
NP -> the expenses of debt interests 
NP -> a threat 
NP -> an interview with irna correspondent 
NP -> the isna report 
NP -> the programs 
NP -> its right 
NP -> irrigation 
NP -> the direct effect 
NP -> his chairmanship 
NP -> the economic and industrial abilities 
NP -> the offering 
NP -> the atmosphere 
NP -> the sanctity of this month 
NP -> finishing food 
NP -> the security committee 
NP -> the safe 
NP -> suggestions nothing 
NP -> this list 
NP -> all health products 
NP -> japanese car producers 
NP -> the private jio television 
NP -> sha ` ban , 
NP -> couldn ' 
NP -> the head coach 
NP -> the fixed rate 
NP -> mazandaran province locates 
NP -> the urban spaces and passages tehran 
NP -> shiism and awareness 
NP -> exercises 
NP -> the domains 
NP -> artists 
NP -> actual legal customers and customers 
NP -> legal participation or direct investment 
NP -> humid and dry conditions 
NP -> fetr prayer 
NP -> any evidence 
NP -> iranian artwork 
NP -> the necessity 
NP -> the central intelligence organization 
NP -> action 
NP -> ideals of the nation of iran 
NP -> one of china 's important partners 
NP -> your bag 
NP -> meanings 
NP -> portugal 
NP -> hundreds 
NP -> oil exporter countries 
NP -> the focus 
NP -> wide circulation newspapers 
NP -> the title '' carpet 
NP -> the economy of iran 
NP -> the slight experience 
NP -> the heart of realities 
NP -> the valve 
NP -> the current condition 
NP -> the parliament of this country 
NP -> the price of gold 
NP -> the saturday report 
NP -> religious activists etc 
NP -> guardianship and revolution 
NP -> abou abdullah jan baz 
NP -> all the city 
NP -> this pride in works 
NP -> his life 
NP -> the broadcasting 
NP -> the auditing organization 
NP -> the schedule 
NP -> naser faiz 
NP -> chemo present in the gathering isfahan 
NP -> human 's 
NP -> study of methods 
NP -> the main issues of the work 
NP -> the political scene of pakistan 
NP -> some of such insufficiencies 
NP -> his israeli counterpart 
NP -> the endeavor 
NP -> exhibitions 
NP -> serious expressions of contradictions en > 
NP -> iran 's view 
NP -> iran payman akbarai 
NP -> the heavy downpour of rain 
NP -> the recent incidents 
NP -> his current trips 
NP -> india leaving iran 's exports talks 
NP -> the narrowness 
NP -> ghalibaf 
NP -> envoyship and special deputy 
NP -> biology 
NP -> efforts america 
NP -> this organization 
NP -> growth 
NP -> the executive activities 
NP -> this status above all 
NP -> the muslim people of nakhjavan 
NP -> me the prison guard was silent 
NP -> p b u h 
NP -> his decisions 
NP -> less than some seconds 
NP -> ayatollah 
NP -> the edifice 
NP -> executive badavand 
NP -> the presence of the iranian activists 
NP -> another worry of the future scientists 
NP -> different times he stated 
NP -> onakitan 
NP -> the line of vehicles 
NP -> the baby without cloth 
NP -> i announce 
NP -> a notification 
NP -> any type of measure 
NP -> this method in iraq you 
NP -> positive results and effects 
NP -> the taste of the maker 
NP -> water 
NP -> the second stage 
NP -> a real estate agency 
NP -> palestinians from their land 
NP -> physician 
NP -> the predicted period 
NP -> al - hasaneh operations 
NP -> the situation of the world 
NP -> america and canada 
NP -> an important issue 
NP -> this actor 
NP -> the former presidents of america 
NP -> improvements 
NP -> the worms of stomach and intestine 
NP -> iran ' s territory 
NP -> purchase for their needs 
NP -> the most important issue 
NP -> four vaults 
NP -> all these audacities 
NP -> the occupied lands 
NP -> the legal regime of caspian sea 
NP -> the national party 
NP -> advancing of it 
NP -> global oil price 
NP -> rainfalls 
NP -> one kilometer distance 
NP -> franc 's 
NP -> iran 's readiness 
NP -> war in afghanistan 
NP -> lebanon ' s maronist christians 
NP -> temptation 
NP -> remarkable successes 
NP -> fokuda friday 
NP -> federal financial 
NP -> the field of competition 
NP -> his post 
NP -> the human 's 
NP -> persian 
NP -> lack of investment 
NP -> changing behavior in the traffic culture 
NP -> members of this group 
NP -> administrative issues 
NP -> iran 's nuclear programs 
NP -> the inertia of the investment market 
NP -> public relations of substructure communication company 
NP -> the basis and mind sets 
NP -> turkish borders 
NP -> her poor family 
NP -> an exclusive characteristic 
NP -> rural offices 
NP -> almost two meters 
NP -> the middle east and central 
NP -> the second of khordad 
NP -> the seriousness 
NP -> every effort 
NP -> its own plan 
NP -> abdo alqader 
NP -> this river 
NP -> the memorable aminpour 
NP -> the entry 
NP -> doshanbe 
NP -> all these demands 
NP -> their vehicle 
NP -> another phrase 
NP -> more suitable price 
NP -> an important role 
NP -> divine and religious culture 
NP -> the insulting caricatures 
NP -> trip to tehran 
NP -> action and livelihood 
NP -> its home 
NP -> the short 
NP -> the great problem 
NP -> the dimension of securing food 
NP -> the information media base homeland union 
NP -> the american president 
NP -> the trade units 
NP -> the economic situations and conditions 
NP -> the project of diesel intelligent card 
NP -> many hindus 
NP -> the merger of automobile manufacturers 
NP -> foreign policy and jalili 
NP -> the current issues 
NP -> japanese tourists 
NP -> this opinion 
NP -> the lack of them 
NP -> mutual interest 
NP -> mohammad ghasempour '' 
NP -> iraqi officials who have emphasized america 
NP -> a holy nation 
NP -> the shooting board club 
NP -> this clear disgrace 
NP -> a significant help 
NP -> khorasan 's 
NP -> a mass 
NP -> a limited military attack against insurgents 
NP -> several american media 
NP -> shortages in oil production 
NP -> predictions 
NP -> karl popper and '' 
NP -> the west ' s domineering nature 
NP -> the supreme leader 
NP -> good and famous actors 
NP -> the beginning 
NP -> the necessary condition 
NP -> the poured paraffin 
NP -> the youths of this country 
NP -> both actions 
NP -> the government of canada 
NP -> bukhara 
NP -> the door of houses 
NP -> tax exemption 
NP -> naderian and introduction 
NP -> political and social science 
NP -> special programs 
NP -> homayoun 
NP -> the siege 
NP -> innovative human forces 
NP -> foreign exchange debts 
NP -> the coalition headquarters 
NP -> written , visual and audio media 
NP -> iran ' s nation 
NP -> a japanese newspaper 
NP -> the recent crimes 
NP -> this fruit 
NP -> the environmentalists in england 
NP -> the referee panel 
NP -> newton 's 
NP -> some armed and extremist forces 
NP -> disappointing words 
NP -> a more dynamic economy 
NP -> high officials ' 
NP -> the trafficking of narcotics and humans 
NP -> mr. kimiayi 
NP -> theft groups 
NP -> conversation between religions 
NP -> the sublime issues 
NP -> middle east economic digest magazine 
NP -> their branches 
NP -> merchants , craftsmen and traders 
NP -> kosovo 's 
NP -> hoshyare zibaari 
NP -> particular condoleezza rice 
NP -> this cultural attack 
NP -> the examination 
NP -> its desirability 
NP -> an ethical and responsible measure 
NP -> a bountiful institution 
NP -> the rivals ' 
NP -> the economy of the country 
NP -> gholam ali 
NP -> district five 
NP -> information conveying media 
NP -> mox 
NP -> a lot of time 
NP -> supervision organizations 
NP -> the shares rate 
NP -> unconsciousness 
NP -> month of mehr 
NP -> medical sciences and health 
NP -> songs 
NP -> a special sensitivity and attention 
NP -> morning sport 
NP -> business and receiving 
NP -> zaman ( aj ) 
NP -> the result of the conference 
NP -> associated press news agency 
NP -> iraqi laws 
NP -> such loans 
NP -> the imam 's 
NP -> its clergies 
NP -> the spiritual and legendary atmosphere 
NP -> the personnel of bank 
NP -> the iranian nation regret its revolution 
NP -> most of the volume 
NP -> serbia government 's decision 
NP -> rial 
NP -> the presenting 
NP -> the authors 
NP -> a soft color 
NP -> other crimes 
NP -> political stability 
NP -> arguments 
NP -> tahmasb mazaheri 
NP -> last sunday 
NP -> these offices 
NP -> growth in $ year in comparison 
NP -> this story 
NP -> effort , endeavor and reconstruction 
NP -> a friend and colleague 
NP -> the communist party of china 
NP -> the world struggle 
NP -> the quality and quantity 
NP -> this proper movement 
NP -> some suggestions 
NP -> gasoline rationing 
NP -> other directors and this differentiating feature 
NP -> many of its characteristics 
NP -> the secretarial of the council 
NP -> addiction 
NP -> basij force 
NP -> its ever exceeding strangeness 
NP -> this debate 
NP -> the highest level 
NP -> our problem 
NP -> oil inflation 
NP -> voice 
NP -> the century 
NP -> a long time ago 
NP -> japan and tatsuya uta 
NP -> the bank order 
NP -> interests in the middle east strategies 
NP -> sports club 
NP -> a mood 
NP -> urgency 
NP -> this registration 
NP -> these attitudes 
NP -> the views of his advisors 
NP -> news agencies 
NP -> the visitors 
NP -> the sun among the dark clouds 
NP -> the fars 
NP -> fall of shares in global market 
NP -> the welfare organization 
NP -> the continuation of this capitulation behavior 
NP -> the editor 
NP -> one roof 
NP -> nuclear fuel required by iran 
NP -> pakistan 
NP -> their recent meeting 
NP -> psychological reason 
NP -> the whole society addiction rate 
NP -> laili feeli 
NP -> cultural limits 
NP -> high 
NP -> guiding supervision 
NP -> place in previous governments 
NP -> nuclear issue 
NP -> our side 
NP -> the national team 
NP -> cinematic companies this art 
NP -> the next challenge for rice 
NP -> international peace conference 
NP -> hezbollah 
NP -> a region 
NP -> the internal weakness 
NP -> this responsibility 
NP -> it ' 
NP -> taha cultural 
NP -> the playing 
NP -> year need 
NP -> a smaller group 
NP -> a widespread monopoly 
NP -> shaha 's 
NP -> the critics ' viewpoint 
NP -> ali baba jan 
NP -> the turkish markets 
NP -> the palace 
NP -> hybrid cars especially toyota prius 
NP -> turkish anatoly news agency 
NP -> its collaborations 
NP -> the opinion of philosophers 
NP -> your brothers ' rewards 
NP -> a lion 
NP -> a capacity 
NP -> immediate action 
NP -> beheshti university 
NP -> supervision department 
NP -> the necessity for attention 
NP -> the membership of director 
NP -> a long term presence 
NP -> the legal regime sharing 
NP -> china and use prevention 
NP -> hard days of life 
NP -> the american people 
NP -> the conditions and observance 
NP -> a terrestrial bridge 
NP -> our place 
NP -> the experience and background 
NP -> an inflationary effect 
NP -> a large crowd of people 
NP -> the time of us 
NP -> domination 
NP -> negotiations regarding this matter 
NP -> the asian nations cup 
NP -> industries and cooperatives 
NP -> economical , social and cultural conditions 
NP -> america and fall 
NP -> this storm 
NP -> no result 
NP -> the arab and islamic people 
NP -> this negotiation 
NP -> demand for foreign investment 
NP -> the young generation 
NP -> the valuable place 
NP -> the mountainous and hard regions 
NP -> my country 
NP -> economy and finances 
NP -> lord 
NP -> economic ability 
NP -> the idealism or realism 
NP -> the department of culture 
NP -> convergence and military 
NP -> iran 's industrial projects 
NP -> customers ' claims 
NP -> investigation about this issue 
NP -> the dark color fruits 
NP -> hunger 
NP -> the price of honda accord 
NP -> the legal stages and enactment 
NP -> the arabic and muslim nations 
NP -> vietnam ' s competitions 
NP -> a tyrannical and bullying action 
NP -> jorjani > 
NP -> controlled water 
NP -> his beloved 
NP -> the ravadian era 
NP -> gilan 
NP -> their inner jealousy 
NP -> images 
NP -> the board of directors 
NP -> consequences 
NP -> many years 
NP -> this year 
NP -> their souls depth 
NP -> a foreign factor 
NP -> iraq military 
NP -> their diplomatic relations 
NP -> the increase in price 
NP -> strategic investors 
NP -> a political arena 
NP -> a stooge regime in iran 
NP -> times this 
NP -> financial of armenia 
NP -> khoozestan 
NP -> all professional classes 
NP -> people 's money 
NP -> the wayfarer 
NP -> foreign exchange balance 
NP -> every man 
NP -> ancient iranian items 
NP -> adel mahdi and tregh hashemi 
NP -> the reality of iran 
NP -> the holy defence and its people 
NP -> our age 
NP -> correspondents and representatives 
NP -> the leaders 
NP -> nations secretary 
NP -> economic development , entrepreneurship and employment 
NP -> balance and harmony means everything 
NP -> another strong automobile manufacturing 
NP -> the baker 
NP -> its southern province 
NP -> a specific superiority in comparison 
NP -> ranking american officials 
NP -> the koran > 
NP -> the government week 
NP -> the destruction of the samples 
NP -> the iraq 
NP -> this proposition 
NP -> opec ' s decision making 
NP -> a caravan 
NP -> territory 
NP -> the second step of privatization 
NP -> the results 
NP -> the complete text basic treaty 
NP -> the oldest part of it 
NP -> turkish military attack 
NP -> the production of economy in iran 
NP -> the soil of this country 
NP -> the standard 
NP -> the required uranium 
NP -> babaei 
NP -> different sectors 
NP -> characteristics of a nation 
NP -> the recent incidents iran 
NP -> chief bahman amiri moghaddam 
NP -> stock market indices 
NP -> the presidents 
NP -> london and washington 
NP -> these contests 
NP -> the scarlet soil serial 
NP -> its customers 
NP -> the enemies of this country 
NP -> amirnia 
NP -> our interpretation 
NP -> a valued opportunity 
NP -> political reasons 
NP -> the automobiles of this american student 
NP -> overusing pesticides 
NP -> laws of executive offices 
NP -> palladian circles study 
NP -> the leadership board 
NP -> the clerics 
NP -> the installments 
NP -> other nations and cultures 
NP -> tents 
NP -> the descendants of soltan mahmood ghaznavi 
NP -> the student 's basij 
NP -> february 
NP -> the accomplishment 
NP -> much love and sincerity 
NP -> uhler elena mastors 
NP -> the valuation 
NP -> water sources 
NP -> these sentences 
NP -> teams of iran and armenia 
NP -> the social council of the country 
NP -> the publication of the drawings 
NP -> khorassan 
NP -> the efforts of commander hejazi 
NP -> a radiant jewel 
NP -> the islamic territory 
NP -> the southeastern part of the courtyard 
NP -> the region 
NP -> mohammad ali masoudi 
NP -> these consultations london government 
NP -> their countries 
NP -> a criticism 
NP -> the iran 
NP -> the very beginning 
NP -> these two buildings 
NP -> the improvement 
NP -> the martyrdom 
NP -> anxiety and anger 
NP -> lebanon 's heads 
NP -> the change of awards 
NP -> the world federation 
NP -> time 
NP -> the role of the medical society 
NP -> radiological weapons 
NP -> the weapon of virtueless rulers 
NP -> recession 
NP -> the opponent 
NP -> the oil of persian gulf 
NP -> the fate and people 
NP -> this charcteristic 
NP -> accounting role creation 
NP -> scotland 
NP -> the pills ' effect ends 
NP -> the wrestling team 
NP -> the belgrade government 
NP -> turkey ' s army 
NP -> water policies 
NP -> extra socks in your bag 
NP -> the aljazeera news network 
NP -> ayatollah shahroudi 
NP -> the bush administration 's successes 
NP -> some sample poems 
NP -> these systems 
NP -> many problems 
NP -> the entire international society 
NP -> david 
NP -> labor ministry ' s general manager 
NP -> soldiers in the united arab 
NP -> the official 
NP -> the serious resolution 
NP -> a power 
NP -> the two sides 
NP -> the us house of representatives 
NP -> recent remarks 
NP -> tehran province 
NP -> culture and islamic guidance 
NP -> the sadr 's movement 
NP -> a military project 
NP -> the quran . 
NP -> his chest 
NP -> the level of bilateral cooperation 
NP -> the palestinian issue 
NP -> adam 's 
NP -> brightness 
NP -> good deeds 
NP -> licence for receiving fuel 
NP -> the conference building 
NP -> disgrace 
NP -> source 
NP -> national security council secretary 
NP -> the battle time everyone 
NP -> a student of seminary 
NP -> no sheriff 
NP -> a certain message 
NP -> fundamentalist fraction 
NP -> illegal ways 
NP -> the very present president 
NP -> euor 
NP -> trafficking 
NP -> company and its application 
NP -> exclusive fishing 
NP -> every muslim man 
NP -> this position 
NP -> every task 
NP -> the coaching 
NP -> the noted credibility 
NP -> bondesliga 
NP -> the congress of the united states 
NP -> reports 
NP -> each time 
NP -> the doors of the azadi stadium 
NP -> the employees and request 
NP -> the presidency post 
NP -> national power and national interests 
NP -> the military personnel of saddam 
NP -> these claims 
NP -> the rate of shares 
NP -> acts of violence 
NP -> the plaintiff 
NP -> process 
NP -> times of peace and war 
NP -> any imposition against iran 
NP -> holy defense 
NP -> their decisions 
NP -> marzoogh 
NP -> holding congress 
NP -> provincial committees 
NP -> hoteliers airlines and travel agencies 
NP -> the establishment of the national unity 
NP -> the iranian map 
NP -> the field of philosophy of history 
NP -> stock 
NP -> sources 
NP -> tayef treaty 
NP -> the side of syria 
NP -> k in northern iraq . 
NP -> students 
NP -> its chart 
NP -> one sentence 
NP -> fatal violence 
NP -> the international court 
NP -> some people 's 
NP -> his property 
NP -> thai political parties 
NP -> cooperative 
NP -> bostan 
NP -> an explanation 
NP -> this day 
NP -> the first part of the scenario 
NP -> this promise 
NP -> check 
NP -> the second world war base 
NP -> analogue televisions 
NP -> half percent 
NP -> the current era 
NP -> magistrate 
NP -> the baby 's nappy 
NP -> the executive board of union 
NP -> two centuries 
NP -> some pages 
NP -> a liar and slanderer 
NP -> the iraqi ministry 
NP -> great developments 
NP -> the principal focal point 
NP -> isteghlal of ahvaz 
NP -> firstly iran 
NP -> the security established in iraq 
NP -> america , iraq and the region 
NP -> the social and historical conditions 
NP -> gas 
NP -> the executive guard 
NP -> the reopening of routes 
NP -> the hands 
NP -> the strike 
NP -> hundreds of families 
NP -> their families 
NP -> new national security doctrine 
NP -> a friendly and close relationship 
NP -> their one 
NP -> a larger scale 
NP -> a military officer 
NP -> the process of economical reform 
NP -> planning and supervision 
NP -> each side 
NP -> no suitable alternative 
NP -> the two countries relationships 
NP -> the head of europe ' 
NP -> companies ' management 
NP -> the course of the river 
NP -> the angels 
NP -> known addictions 
NP -> north with lorestan 
NP -> no more obstacle 
NP -> samie al - alim and maaz 
NP -> persian littoral arab counties 
NP -> the powerful circulation partial verse 
NP -> national group and even some 
NP -> all his works 
NP -> the policies of the government 
NP -> no regard 
NP -> some minutes 
NP -> shiraz university 
NP -> a clear speech 
NP -> countries ' representatives 
NP -> issues of security and military 
NP -> the end of dey month 
NP -> this cloning 
NP -> health 
NP -> the climate changes 
NP -> today ' s tripartite meeting 
NP -> bicarbonate soda in the drain 
NP -> the election 
NP -> the military government of myanmar 
NP -> the pivotal point 
NP -> account of this god almighty 
NP -> mogabe 
NP -> iraq announced 
NP -> behartia janata party 
NP -> the ministers 
NP -> fatemeh rak ' ei 
NP -> bonab 
NP -> the axis 
NP -> the oil field of anaran proceeds 
NP -> this meeting putin 
NP -> rahimi 's efforts 
NP -> the people ' s movement 
NP -> international economic and monetary systems 
NP -> the theoretical debates of privatization 
NP -> one of my friends 
NP -> the artistic works 
NP -> us secretary of state condoleeza rice 
NP -> the honor of the police 
NP -> the government 's decision 
NP -> their vehicle in the south 
NP -> this armed people 
NP -> bridge 
NP -> the whole country 
NP -> a number of pilgrims to mecca 
NP -> shortness 
NP -> industry 
NP -> the current economic relations 
NP -> ye 
NP -> the national unity government 
NP -> an atmosphere 
NP -> lavroff 
NP -> self alienation 
NP -> guatemala 
NP -> the stores 
NP -> its antiquity dates 
NP -> poutin many times 
NP -> these companies 
NP -> national unity and islamic union 
NP -> their service 
NP -> this obstacle 
NP -> the supply of fuel 
NP -> iran and iraq capabilities 
NP -> the ghajar king 
NP -> iran 's nuclear issues 
NP -> the boom of construction 
NP -> the japanese ambassador 
NP -> my films 
NP -> a poet 
NP -> the related form 
NP -> a compact 
NP -> esfahan 
NP -> considered obligations 
NP -> its proper definition 
NP -> not a very likeable liquid 
NP -> people 's disturbance and deprivation 
NP -> the tender 
NP -> two weeks 
NP -> the imaginary society 
NP -> former yugoslavia 
NP -> hashemi rafsanjani 
NP -> necessary illusions 
NP -> these meetings in afghanistan 
NP -> the eastern side 
NP -> baluchastan 
NP -> semi prepared foods 
NP -> advertising and planning headquarters 
NP -> searchers 
NP -> prominent faces 
NP -> this representative 
NP -> the natives 
NP -> traditional techniques 
NP -> iraqi 
NP -> lavrov who had to tehran yesterday 
NP -> the supports 
NP -> an action 
NP -> the customs 
NP -> the economical issues 
NP -> the chief supervisor of gas exportation 
NP -> the battlefields 
NP -> new global issues 
NP -> winter 
NP -> his essential nature 
NP -> the national economic council 
NP -> villages 
NP -> the command 
NP -> the scholars unanimously imitated him 
NP -> schools and universities 
NP -> the mechanism 
NP -> nuclear fuel 
NP -> his country ' 
NP -> seyyed 
NP -> hemorrhoids 
NP -> divergence 
NP -> their applications 
NP -> the border and inside iraq 
NP -> the students danger and hazardous diseases 
NP -> four german instructors in kish university 
NP -> destination sound and healthy 
NP -> the hint 
NP -> interest rate 
NP -> only the phlegm 
NP -> the first taste 
NP -> a legal obstacle 
NP -> the us air force 
NP -> their complaints 
NP -> the plan of a far 
NP -> persepolis 
NP -> its repercussions 
NP -> two months 
NP -> his deeds the effect 
NP -> water resources 
NP -> view housing situation 
NP -> this political and media propaganda 
NP -> the explosion near the military domiciles 
NP -> the students ' parents in fact 
NP -> these people 
NP -> the new projects 
NP -> the quasi state 
NP -> the stability of the market 
NP -> water in the body 
NP -> previous posts 
NP -> the political conditions 
NP -> the plots 
NP -> the russian foreign affairs ministry spokesman 
NP -> the priorities 
NP -> fines 
NP -> detoxification in addicts 
NP -> different networks 
NP -> the best supplementary tool 
NP -> the government ' 
NP -> other policies 
NP -> their food orders 
NP -> no matter 
NP -> this instability 
NP -> obama 
NP -> france ' 
NP -> gravity 
NP -> this script 
NP -> this rate 
NP -> a dictatorial regime 
NP -> idealism 
NP -> bbc report 
NP -> the clergies 
NP -> ghom 
NP -> the professor 
NP -> the attribute 
NP -> the basis of price 
NP -> our country 's exports 
NP -> new policies 
NP -> one 's personal and social affairs 
NP -> another point 
NP -> the ground for his priority 
NP -> the occupation of iraq 
NP -> the only interpretation of any observer 
NP -> the third volleyball players in asia 
NP -> the seventeenth meeting 
NP -> a number of swingers 
NP -> agents 
NP -> the institution with the central bank 
NP -> their illegal demands 
NP -> the result of partnership and activities 
NP -> bread consumption 
NP -> the past societies 
NP -> missile defense system in russian borders 
NP -> mozafari 
NP -> the severity of his punishment 
NP -> a central 
NP -> a particular dominant atmosphere 
NP -> present parties 
NP -> the revolution 
NP -> four to five years younger 
NP -> sale drop 
NP -> his candidacy 
NP -> heavy wind 
NP -> this conclusion 
NP -> chinese 
NP -> marine life 
NP -> the members ' ranks 
NP -> similar concerns 
NP -> the witnesses 
NP -> khorramshahr 
NP -> taiwan suspiciously 
NP -> the sweden embassy 
NP -> the tone of your words 
NP -> its agenda in the middle east 
NP -> civilian deaths in iraq 
NP -> the beginning americans 
NP -> the main subject of negotiation 
NP -> seventeenth century 
NP -> the second sermon of this week 
NP -> testing for aids disease 
NP -> the united states 
NP -> liberal democratic party 
NP -> a general glance 
NP -> the first sermon 
NP -> vegetables 
NP -> the foreign sites 
NP -> international sessions 
NP -> iranians resident 
NP -> fars news agency boone pickens 
NP -> the realities of history 
NP -> producers 
NP -> example indian love films 
NP -> poldasht 
NP -> the book by deliberation and attention 
NP -> this text 
NP -> ignorantly 
NP -> dowleh 
NP -> luk sobha 
NP -> comparison representation 
NP -> west of baghdad 
NP -> basic and strategic agricultural products 
NP -> other insurgents 
NP -> the special political conditions 
NP -> ministry , the parliamentary representatives 
NP -> his soul , origination and manifestation 
NP -> the main trustee 
NP -> examinations 
NP -> the border areas of the country 
NP -> residents 
NP -> a policy 
NP -> this profession 
NP -> millions of people 
NP -> a belligerent way 
NP -> the stomach 
NP -> candies 
NP -> the relations of the two countries 
NP -> investigation and ending 
NP -> the overall changes 
NP -> a new path 
NP -> sport and iran 
NP -> the most important attraction 
NP -> the last word 
NP -> sarciozi 
NP -> the islamic revolution of iran 
NP -> raffinage sar 
NP -> its racist thoughts 
NP -> the birthday 
NP -> growth and progress step 
NP -> president 
NP -> arabiyya 
NP -> the final cermony 
NP -> the entirety 
NP -> the age of general envoy 
NP -> the indian government 
NP -> the volunteers ' affairs 
NP -> the necessity of repatriation of palestinians 
NP -> the fars news agency 
NP -> this sector 
NP -> the main use 
NP -> his thesis 
NP -> city 
NP -> central bank resources 
NP -> political parties and personalities 
NP -> their necessary living requirements 
NP -> content 
NP -> the united states reaction 
NP -> the meritorious measure 
NP -> these image transmission systems 
NP -> the difficulty 
NP -> the turkish attack 
NP -> the term 
NP -> any blessing bounty and glory 
NP -> dominance 
NP -> the long held tradition 
NP -> move and battle 
NP -> food and agriculture organization 
NP -> the solution 
NP -> syrian president 
NP -> esteqlal club jabbari 
NP -> islamic 
NP -> economic activists 
NP -> tourist attractions 
NP -> evolutions 
NP -> the dissolution 
NP -> the nato defense 
NP -> iran and syria 
NP -> monetary , financial and economical policies 
NP -> one of moezipoor ' s supporters 
NP -> these sentiments 
NP -> special representative united nations 
NP -> the issues and questions 
NP -> accomplishments of iran in self 
NP -> the national parliament 
NP -> security council 
NP -> america 's pressures 
NP -> transport of narcotics and hostage 
NP -> the origin 
NP -> further strengthening cooperation 
NP -> the congresses 
NP -> rawpendi 
NP -> the american government official 's claims 
NP -> an anarchist 
NP -> foreign companies 
NP -> the extravagances 
NP -> american government ' s political propaganda 
NP -> friday morning rest 
NP -> complete defeat in its goals 
NP -> examination 
NP -> its purchase 
NP -> mohammad hassan nemattullahi 
NP -> petroleum exports 
NP -> their disposition 
NP -> pakistan 's new suggestions 
NP -> its note 
NP -> the speaker 
NP -> identity 
NP -> national security and foreign policy 
NP -> the play glorious smile 
NP -> a referendum in these two countries 
NP -> the fall of the previous years 
NP -> an article 
NP -> some universities of medical science 
NP -> a bus 
NP -> first time 
NP -> this words mom 's darling 
NP -> a tombstone femininity and one 
NP -> turkish attacks 
NP -> an incentive 
NP -> the religious scholars 
NP -> the cooperation of tavanir 
NP -> oddin mohadess 
NP -> the chinese market 
NP -> other poets and students of qaisar 
NP -> relationships 
NP -> the presidency of hojjatoleslam 
NP -> the dolphins 
NP -> morning and evening 
NP -> a name and a skeleton 
NP -> part of these insufficiencies 
NP -> insolent people 
NP -> the emirates 
NP -> the national symbol of this country 
NP -> the bustan alghadir park 
NP -> the people ' s doubts 
NP -> the festival celebration ali asghar 
NP -> phoenix tv 
NP -> the volume 
NP -> the western powers losing patience 
NP -> inability 
NP -> the heart 
NP -> political space 
NP -> their absolute support 
NP -> the rotation of the nuclear fuel 
NP -> laylat alghadr 
NP -> affection 
NP -> most of the fruit and vegetables 
NP -> the share of free market 
NP -> the private security companies in iraq 
NP -> primitive languages 
NP -> such recommendations 
NP -> the story 
NP -> this meeting ' s objective 
NP -> such behavior with us 
NP -> this holy place 
NP -> asia 
NP -> fear and alarm 
NP -> reformist thoughts 
NP -> international variables 
NP -> the new strategy of the corps 
NP -> the market outside the stock exchange 
NP -> the objectives of the central bank 
NP -> powerful teams 
NP -> the severity 
NP -> the cultural resistance of societies 
NP -> a long period of illness 
NP -> the kurdish villages 
NP -> the potentials 
NP -> expert services 
NP -> attempts 
NP -> this religious theory in line 
NP -> asia and oceania 
NP -> the flight fatigue 
NP -> the national and cultural zeal 
NP -> human forces 
NP -> their houses 
NP -> an intelligence strategy 
NP -> the hezbollah fighters 
NP -> networking knowledge 
NP -> the street 
NP -> baghdad air 
NP -> the success borders 
NP -> both the palestinians 
NP -> a letter to dr 
NP -> constant cultural constructions 
NP -> the prominent members 
NP -> the officials of the court 
NP -> all turkey ' 
NP -> the president of palestine 
NP -> the most diverse sections 
NP -> their state 
NP -> the rumors 
NP -> a few minutes 
NP -> cup 
NP -> consults 
NP -> men and women 
NP -> such matter 
NP -> arbitration 
NP -> this goal and anticipated guidelines 
NP -> the purchasing and sale of housing 
NP -> recognition 
NP -> the sake of environment 
NP -> the israeli society 
NP -> friday prayer 
NP -> those days desire of every volleyballist 
NP -> the soil of kurdistan region 
NP -> demonstrative 
NP -> putin and the russian government 
NP -> our brothers 
NP -> commerce , industries and mines 
NP -> the matter of overall policy making 
NP -> the logic of partnership 
NP -> motionless for a long time 
NP -> hot water on it 
NP -> bush 
NP -> paris destination 
NP -> driver 's 
NP -> the brothers ' 
NP -> some departments and occupations 
NP -> the bloody incident 
NP -> hope and this step 
NP -> this task 
NP -> the foreign minister of germany 
NP -> islamic economy 
NP -> an establishment 
NP -> the reality of military power 
NP -> the japanese self 
NP -> england 's 
NP -> one of the export products 
NP -> businesses 
NP -> all the palestinian and lebanese mujaheddin 
NP -> the argument of softwaric aspects 
NP -> a positive competition for serving people 
NP -> tv networks 
NP -> its holding 
NP -> these speeches 
NP -> these machines 
NP -> formal and public levels 
NP -> the country 's trade 
NP -> we 
NP -> technical and professional schools 
NP -> ahmadinejad 
NP -> online people 
NP -> the mealtime 
NP -> moscow 
NP -> her daughters ' relations 
NP -> the number of army 
NP -> opec meeting 
NP -> jak asit 
NP -> utilization 
NP -> exit of foreign exchange 
NP -> the sport radio channel 
NP -> a telephone conversation 
NP -> the president 's 
NP -> islamic iran in the world 
NP -> nature 
NP -> the seventeenth provincial meeting 
NP -> the iranian authorities 
NP -> a nuclear program 
NP -> a specialized form 
NP -> these sensitivities 
NP -> different tests 
NP -> no growth 
NP -> this guy 
NP -> the benefits of the sides 
NP -> almost three decades 
NP -> the disciplinary and judicial bodies 
NP -> the friday preacher of shahr 
NP -> his dependants 
NP -> the members of the economic council 
NP -> hospital for treatment 
NP -> an occupier 
NP -> the arabs 
NP -> the dimension 
NP -> the hamedan 's 
NP -> the country esfahan 
NP -> all medical and laboratory equipments 
NP -> an interesting initiative 
NP -> the beginning of next year 
NP -> david 's city 
NP -> always one pair 
NP -> the waste 
NP -> no solution other than increasing price 
NP -> airport 
NP -> the time of independence 
NP -> the nuclear dossier of our country 
NP -> three coins 
NP -> the contract 
NP -> south africa 's support 
NP -> this analysis 
NP -> this economic expert 
NP -> ayatollah hashemi rafsanjani referring iraq war 
NP -> the healing 
NP -> the domicile 
NP -> the head of the women ' 
NP -> the layer society 
NP -> the criminal groups and bands 
NP -> the city of tehran 
NP -> ibn 
NP -> politics and power deviation 
NP -> the republics of russia and iran 
NP -> directing 
NP -> the previous view 
NP -> this program 
NP -> a very strange scene 
NP -> investors 
NP -> no place 
NP -> iraq 's kurds 
NP -> all the dorms 
NP -> national matches 
NP -> this regime for lebanon 
NP -> the science and industry faculty 
NP -> president for nations 
NP -> the tourism industry in the country 
NP -> people 's interest 
NP -> this announcement 
NP -> a small boy 
NP -> the normative arena 
NP -> the benefits 
NP -> this nation harmony with world oppression 
NP -> the dissolving 
NP -> the dependence 
NP -> their blood boil 
NP -> the persons 
NP -> gates 
NP -> the value of the dollar 
NP -> holding caspian littoral 
NP -> the millennium of economic development 
NP -> charged cards 
NP -> flights 
NP -> ghir 
NP -> these cases 
NP -> this country 's naval force commander 
NP -> scuffles and commotions of oppression 
NP -> quality goods and reasonable finished prices 
NP -> usury ( interest ) 
NP -> senegal societe african de raffinage sar 
NP -> respect of and economic conditions 
NP -> the lawmakers and statesmen 
NP -> the statesmen ' s tendencies 
NP -> the heat produced in the muscles 
NP -> the religious culture 
NP -> the recent visit 
NP -> the liberal democratic party 
NP -> any religion 
NP -> this consignment 
NP -> an axis 
NP -> his american counterpart '' condoleeza rice 
NP -> contamination of baghdad air 
NP -> director of u.s. joint headquarters 
NP -> the imperialist project 
NP -> an interesting performance of military ceremonials 
NP -> regards to the issue of palestine 
NP -> lots 
NP -> an interview with isna 
NP -> iran ' s economic realm 
NP -> strategies of company in different areas 
NP -> the foreign minister of luxembourg 
NP -> a common network 
NP -> the following day 
NP -> fatah movement and two leaders 
NP -> an urgent proposal 
NP -> breakfast 
NP -> another part of this negotiation 
NP -> a linear and coherent epistemology 
NP -> ice 
NP -> jalal talebani 
NP -> the representative parliament of this country 
NP -> his therefore i 
NP -> homosexuals 
NP -> the rigorous protest 
NP -> the residents 
NP -> the work of a party 
NP -> general the period 
NP -> aids disease 
NP -> variety of culture assembly 
NP -> the coaching of brent schuster 
NP -> a political theory 
NP -> $ year appeared as the principal 
NP -> no allocation 
NP -> last year instead of general jorge 
NP -> week 
NP -> the human rights organizations 
NP -> permeation of the story 
NP -> spite old structure 
NP -> address 
NP -> the custom 
NP -> years 
NP -> better than one thousand 
NP -> a mechanized manner 
NP -> the republics 
NP -> alvaro clom 
NP -> the future successes 
NP -> the customers 
NP -> every year 
NP -> the poet ' 
NP -> these two economic political motivations 
NP -> palestine hamas 
NP -> the working supervision 
NP -> the agenda of this meeting 
NP -> sincerity 
NP -> the coding affair 
NP -> the eco meeting 
NP -> a head coach 
NP -> the appointment of commander hejazi 
NP -> successful and its best example 
NP -> doctor moazzami 
NP -> p news agency 
NP -> the correction of banking system 
NP -> especially the little presence 
NP -> governmental sector 
NP -> figurative business 
NP -> the relationship between governments 
NP -> sturgeon fishes 
NP -> the principle 
NP -> every organization and working environment 
NP -> arrogance 
NP -> wheat 
NP -> this principle 
NP -> an agreement with iran 
NP -> sleep 
NP -> iraqi soil 
NP -> the first immanent poets 
NP -> the board of ministers 
NP -> societal and individual health 
NP -> world affairs 
NP -> japan 's nationwide television ( 
NP -> an indicator for the border 
NP -> a military officer and commander 
NP -> naijac 
NP -> iran 's case 
NP -> the agents 
NP -> the coming and going of ramadan 
NP -> the upper hand 
NP -> your advent 
NP -> operative sectors 
NP -> legitimacy edge 
NP -> americans 
NP -> voting 
NP -> the order of imam 
NP -> all producers and world powers 
NP -> the inflammatory deceases of the bowels 
NP -> the genuine filmmakers 
NP -> england 's conservative party 
NP -> paid loans of the bank 
NP -> the beginning of last week 
NP -> people inside the country 
NP -> president 's 
NP -> a close in two words freedom 
NP -> the military 
NP -> tension in the persian gulf region 
NP -> the important responsibilities 
NP -> provinces around kabul 
NP -> satisfaction 
NP -> the development of trade figurative activities 
NP -> the first point 
NP -> the protecting bosom 
NP -> causing disputes and fights 
NP -> the jordanian and israeli forces 
NP -> iran taking 
NP -> frame and appearance point of view 
NP -> bank sepah mazaheri 
NP -> place in the middle east 
NP -> important existing opportunities 
NP -> this lack 
NP -> the development of the province 
NP -> the international competitions 
NP -> the sixteenth congress 
NP -> the service organization 
NP -> no suitable alternative for this issue 
NP -> aljazeera qatar 
NP -> added criticism 
NP -> samples of insects 
NP -> mirjaleh 
NP -> iraq recently 
NP -> democracy project 
NP -> common ethics and abstract concepts 
NP -> his smuggling activities 
NP -> the era of the dictator saddam 
NP -> the one 
NP -> a one 
NP -> calming protests 
NP -> this incongruous regime 
NP -> social field 
NP -> only some of them 
NP -> a passenger pride vehicle 
NP -> consuming countries 
NP -> a positive vote 
NP -> night 's published report 
NP -> cost 
NP -> progress in a friendly way 
NP -> the taliban group 
NP -> a women carrier of hemophilia 
NP -> this important program 
NP -> people 's sensitivity towards child abuse 
NP -> rifle and canon 
NP -> the expert opinion 
NP -> the continuation of people 's satisfaction 
NP -> a time he 
NP -> dictatorship format 
NP -> pottery 
NP -> your succession 
NP -> supervisory office 
NP -> the martyr hussein fahmideh 
NP -> healthy men 
NP -> the division 
NP -> much space 
NP -> petraeus 's 
NP -> beirut about this 
NP -> the place of accounting 
NP -> the options 
NP -> cession 
NP -> population growth 
NP -> british and other foreign forces 
NP -> the relation schools universities and mosques 
NP -> sacrifice and suicidal operations 
NP -> some ambiguities 
NP -> the tactic of threats and pressure 
NP -> serious classification 
NP -> tyrant governments 
NP -> the faith 
NP -> france 's 
NP -> a large number 
NP -> arrival in venezuela 
NP -> entry 
NP -> the kindness of magnificent god 
NP -> the cause of his death 
NP -> the power plant of boushehr 
NP -> the two parties 
NP -> the power of the general assembly 
NP -> the macroeconomic indices 
NP -> the mentioned session 
NP -> the fuel sector 
NP -> walid joumblat 
NP -> the districts near the beach 
NP -> ban kimoun 
NP -> year , foreign security forces same 
NP -> a rival for sarkozy 
NP -> its equivalent gas 
NP -> a royal toy 
NP -> the american ambassador 
NP -> enrichment in its soil 
NP -> sociable 
NP -> discussion and review 
NP -> another important event 
NP -> the achievement in this matter 
NP -> fatah movement 
NP -> line with the goals of america 
NP -> a number of famous iranian musicians 
NP -> the new constitution 
NP -> the life of iraqi people 
NP -> sarkozy 
NP -> the first instance 
NP -> your bully actions 
NP -> iranian musicians 
NP -> government of england 
NP -> last late 
NP -> karimov 's visit to ashkhabad 
NP -> the resurrection 
NP -> this practice 
NP -> radio 
NP -> consumer countries 
NP -> the most important works 
NP -> parks 
NP -> the technology analogue televisions for years 
NP -> i don 
NP -> a level 
NP -> european union 
NP -> the england government ' 
NP -> the technical manager 
NP -> experiences 
NP -> the abundant investments 
NP -> the principal influencing factors 
NP -> today ' s talks 
NP -> the reason for the explosion 
NP -> the biggest service 
NP -> imprisoned men 
NP -> the large highways 
NP -> the deputy head 
NP -> the prime minister 
NP -> the time of the holy defense 
NP -> the basis of its worst examples 
NP -> various analyses 
NP -> the former u.s. secretary 
NP -> the corner of the flag 
NP -> the draft 
NP -> fortune 
NP -> cultural heritage , hand 
NP -> one y chromosome 
NP -> a transaction 
NP -> self confidence 
NP -> no indication of success 
NP -> the instruction 
NP -> the previous day ' 
NP -> its executive operations 
NP -> the reopening 
NP -> transportation 
NP -> the public opinion and japan cabinet 
NP -> every kind 
NP -> these opportunities 
NP -> the proposed plans 
NP -> presented products 
NP -> irna , hojatolislam '' alireza erafi 
NP -> the identity code 
NP -> the breast 
NP -> the existence of the heavy atmosphere 
NP -> their hands and hearts 
NP -> the followers of his highness 
NP -> five months 
NP -> his poems 
NP -> the hushed violence 
NP -> mecca 
NP -> the support of israel 
NP -> many requests 
NP -> a group of ministers 
NP -> days of month ramadan and another 
NP -> a turning point 
NP -> allergies 
NP -> multilateralism 
NP -> undersecretary commerce 
NP -> the first qibla 
NP -> the american leaders 
NP -> growth of the population 
NP -> kerachi 
NP -> these drugs 
NP -> the range of these restrictions 
NP -> the consortium 
NP -> the personality 
NP -> the votes of parliamentary representatives 
NP -> telecommunication 
NP -> hassan bijani 
NP -> a reflection 
NP -> two gold medals and two bronze 
NP -> japan 's national tv ( n 
NP -> the hair 
NP -> a defensive war 
NP -> hot temper 
NP -> the declining 
NP -> an arrest warrent for him 
NP -> iraq 's oil 
NP -> the expert team the decision 
NP -> abdullah farji in conversation with mehr 
NP -> such thoughts 
NP -> public next week 
NP -> the north western bojnurd 
NP -> jahrom 
NP -> large oil incomes 
NP -> this american senator 
NP -> the opinions 
NP -> the method 
NP -> the parliament ' s commission energy 
NP -> this exhibition 
NP -> a human disaster in this region 
NP -> cooperative room 
NP -> host to pilgrims and caravans 
NP -> cooperation in housing sector 
NP -> the same gas field volume 
NP -> the form of basij force 
NP -> fact delivery 
NP -> no reason for this fear 
NP -> their national identity 
NP -> our help 
NP -> two israeli and palestinian sides 
NP -> the private sector in this composition 
NP -> derakhshan 
NP -> the planning of the operations 
NP -> lyric verse and the 
NP -> areas of the world 
NP -> this status 
NP -> the future activities 
NP -> serious and powerful communication 
NP -> competition with other producers and exporters 
NP -> this known public and pious figure 
NP -> companionship 
NP -> agricultural jihad 
NP -> land 
NP -> reply 
NP -> momtaz mahal 
NP -> positive impacts 
NP -> luxemburg 
NP -> this divine banquet 
NP -> reality an interconnectable 
NP -> a wave 
NP -> the libyan government 
NP -> wiseman after explaining his viewpoint 
NP -> the first iranian 
NP -> materiality and material world 
NP -> obligation as his vocational priorities 
NP -> this evident change 
NP -> the change of secretary 
NP -> the airplane 
NP -> the provincial first rank 
NP -> the fate 
NP -> the constraint 
NP -> a more limited number 
NP -> this art 
NP -> the basis of discussion 
NP -> more time 
NP -> the negative impacts 
NP -> machine age 
NP -> excuses , confrontation and sanctions 
NP -> the engineer amirreza vaezi ashtiyani 
NP -> the rule of authoritarianism 
NP -> the palm 
NP -> her bloody hands 
NP -> the real information of the scene 
NP -> this month 
NP -> conduct ahya 
NP -> the provincial competitions 
NP -> one thousand one barriers 
NP -> the growing beijing 
NP -> the army and self 
NP -> this matter quoting vladimir yakusho 
NP -> member 
NP -> fewer numbers 
NP -> bangkok 
NP -> the entire length 
NP -> the keyboard 
NP -> a hundred armed men with hanging 
NP -> the news staff 
NP -> opec meeting in vienna 
NP -> bloom 
NP -> fourteenth 
NP -> other members of the family 
NP -> a effect 
NP -> the book fair expressed 
NP -> p k k 
NP -> the sanctity of cultural sanctums 
NP -> the country of sudan 
NP -> the framework of two working groups 
NP -> quran reading quran 
NP -> most virtues 
NP -> tombe stones 
NP -> irna at this music 
NP -> the agreement on encouragement 
NP -> turkey 's forces 
NP -> the improvement project 
NP -> the action by foreign ministry 
NP -> a slaughterhouse meat 
NP -> the total of borrowed loan 
NP -> the next few years 
NP -> their companions 
NP -> hands 
NP -> the zionist regime against syria 
NP -> the voting right 
NP -> issuance 
NP -> one of the announced ranges 
NP -> the help of the police telephone 
NP -> the continuation of the strikes 
NP -> hay fever 
NP -> the standards 
NP -> this direction 
NP -> the supervisor 
NP -> a self sacrificer 
NP -> other governmental structures 
NP -> two countries ` interests 
NP -> the repeated threats 
NP -> couldn ' t 
NP -> the credibility 
NP -> hindu groups 
NP -> the opening of the volcano victoria 
NP -> iranian basketball 
NP -> the priority 
NP -> substructure communication company 
NP -> progress in a friendly manner 
NP -> people ' s supervision and interference 
NP -> their readiness 
NP -> friend and acquaintances 
NP -> chomsky ' 
NP -> this amount of plutonium in england 
NP -> many persons 
NP -> destination 
NP -> the compatriots in this city 
NP -> the foreign countries 
NP -> advance 
NP -> iad 
NP -> the west corner of the station 
NP -> the international council 
NP -> hussein dehlavi and faramarz payvar 
NP -> irna report from kiodo 
NP -> karate 
NP -> great deal 
NP -> a part of the task 
NP -> internet addiction 
NP -> this former pakistani leader 
NP -> this firm foundation 
NP -> the king of saudi arabia 
NP -> the statements of peres 
NP -> a joystick 
NP -> scale investment 
NP -> recent years 
NP -> solidity 
NP -> integration of boards 
NP -> the patience 
NP -> the experience at the present 
NP -> a revolutionary 
NP -> elite 
NP -> the newest state 
NP -> damavand street 
NP -> bladder swelling 
NP -> official and contract staffs 
NP -> parents ' 
NP -> the seeds of watermelon 
NP -> the stature of bona fide powers 
NP -> people of america 
NP -> the development plots 
NP -> his last five years mistakes 
NP -> a desirable form 
NP -> arbiter 
NP -> all 
NP -> the most important duty 
NP -> the reason of persuasion 
NP -> black outfits 
NP -> a limited enrichment program for iran 
NP -> the authorities of the executive organizations 
NP -> experience 
NP -> the southern borders 
NP -> the principal steps 
NP -> salted water 
NP -> extinction of dialects 
NP -> ` seyyed mojtaba samareh hashemi ' 
NP -> the course of meeting each other 
NP -> the name of father ' 
NP -> american security 
NP -> riyadh and abu dhabi 
NP -> some tensions 
NP -> each in sport and iran 
NP -> instructions 
NP -> blood 
NP -> the guests 
NP -> the european parliament 
NP -> the advocacy in the country 
NP -> the final announcement 
NP -> many former authorities of this country 
NP -> these communal measures 
NP -> our news 
NP -> people 's 
NP -> secretary general 
NP -> zionist regime or trading 
NP -> < sanjar > region 
NP -> the central consultation office 
NP -> the terrorist group 
NP -> the fact that currently 
NP -> tuberculosis 
NP -> the internal disagreements of palestinians 
NP -> the bab elmegharbeh 
NP -> changes and adaptations 
NP -> a spiritual condition 
NP -> our reporter reports 
NP -> current realities 
NP -> any way she wants 
NP -> these two years 
NP -> the most beautiful death 
NP -> aljazeera 
NP -> the calamities 
NP -> the same threats 
NP -> both the heat 
NP -> adjustment 
NP -> beijing 
NP -> the clients 
NP -> sheikh khalid ben 
NP -> this solution 
NP -> these clinics 
NP -> experts in regard 
NP -> heart 
NP -> jiang zemin 
NP -> central asia 
NP -> fakeh investigations 
NP -> the new regulation 
NP -> the price changes 
NP -> early return 
NP -> the major population 
NP -> important role 
NP -> scientific movement 
NP -> glory and sovereignty 
NP -> coming days 
NP -> eternity khaledin a fi samavat 
NP -> received reports 
NP -> goodness and god 
NP -> the borders of the country 
NP -> each point 
NP -> ranking delegation 
NP -> the july sandstorm 
NP -> my head 
NP -> sepulchers and tombs 
NP -> pride and prejudice 
NP -> the strengthening aggression 
NP -> the next challenge 
NP -> four german instructors 
NP -> the education 
NP -> its own specific path 
NP -> the major reason 
NP -> the head of writers 
NP -> these two buildings to each other 
NP -> common beliefs 
NP -> this entity in the war 
NP -> a lot discussions 
NP -> the supreme council 
NP -> a global reaction 
NP -> foreign religion 
NP -> the tradition 
NP -> their survival 
NP -> their own demands 
NP -> lebanon ' s hizbullah 
NP -> the good negotiations 
NP -> the cultivation of grains 
NP -> maliki 's government 
NP -> regard to countries such as iran 
NP -> increasing production 
NP -> cities especially isfahan 
NP -> any logic 
NP -> the $ year srebrenica massacre 
NP -> arab league and persian gulf countries 
NP -> nuclear activities 
NP -> such incidents 
NP -> a humane solution 
NP -> the ussr 
NP -> our neighborhood 
NP -> mohrebian and nozari 
NP -> the position of hazrat 
NP -> the pressure of public opinion 
NP -> ultimate success 
NP -> tavakkoli , consultative ahmadreza darvish 
NP -> an end 
NP -> the issue of gas transit 
NP -> the previous centuries decline and degradation 
NP -> mother 's 
NP -> the chairman of intelligence 
NP -> a universal religion 
NP -> humanitarian assistance and freedom 
NP -> plants and flowers 
NP -> the commander 
NP -> second the cultural social man 
NP -> the fighting period 
NP -> the table cloth and everybody 
NP -> the moment iran 
NP -> this theory 
NP -> shiraz 
NP -> the prominent members of the media 
NP -> the us defense ministry 
NP -> parviz heidari 
NP -> this action committee 
NP -> the lack of sound management 
NP -> adorno 
NP -> bridges toward the united states 
NP -> three hours 
NP -> islamic republic ' s army 
NP -> the province of tehran 
NP -> the literary songs of rug weavers 
NP -> the privatization 
NP -> the permanent headquarters 
NP -> zemin 
NP -> the army and armed forces 
NP -> this letter of invitation 
NP -> ali 
NP -> these delays 
NP -> the manifestations 
NP -> the capabilities 
NP -> the mosques 
NP -> compromise and restoration 
NP -> these nations 
NP -> russia today 
NP -> poetry 
NP -> this point in time 
NP -> the definitions 
NP -> his condensed exercises 
NP -> a tombstone femininity 
NP -> martyr foundation 
NP -> the optimized use of the resources 
NP -> kereshka '' 
NP -> no concern 
NP -> russia 's 
NP -> his social security number 
NP -> shipment and obliteration 
NP -> dr. shekoufeh nikfar 
NP -> this essential fact 
NP -> minority 
NP -> corners of the country in isfahan 
NP -> the terrace of the house 
NP -> damaged spine 
NP -> an outstanding example 
NP -> the report of fars news agency 
NP -> the islamic revolution 
NP -> her hands 
NP -> knowledge and thought 
NP -> a brief look 
NP -> many fields 
NP -> un security council 
NP -> this patient 
NP -> the disciples gathered around him 
NP -> federal financial in a speech 
NP -> the internal regulations 
NP -> routes 
NP -> victory 
NP -> the first thing 
NP -> the production resource and distribution 
NP -> my father 's 
NP -> the economic experts 
NP -> the problem of the related funding 
NP -> real estate 
NP -> separate 
NP -> cultural and economical presence 
NP -> ambiguity 
NP -> the tendency 
NP -> intervention 
NP -> the districts of mehran town 
NP -> dangerous consequences 
NP -> territory or the break 
NP -> citizens ' 
NP -> the international borders 
NP -> behroz 
NP -> boys and girls 
NP -> thousand billion rials 
NP -> doesn ' t matter for america 
NP -> the lands 
NP -> five country 
NP -> this situation a few years only 
NP -> its members 
NP -> the topics of epistemology and sociology 
NP -> the related projects 
NP -> political psychology 
NP -> the plan of industrial ministry 
NP -> the self 
NP -> the very learned 
NP -> its national interests 
NP -> time and cruelty 
NP -> their own loved ones 
NP -> the cooperation the disciplinary force 
NP -> cohen 's '' paradigmatic 
NP -> a cultural centre and complex 
NP -> missile shield 
NP -> the colleges ' entrance exam 
NP -> a conversatinon with mehr 
NP -> the leadership ' 
NP -> our organization 
NP -> access to a nuclear fuel chain 
NP -> its lost self trust 
NP -> the astronauts 
NP -> the execution 
NP -> biologic resolvable prosthesis 
NP -> agreement on its candidate 
NP -> the minimum of consumption 
NP -> social stability 
NP -> the fishery 
NP -> some of chinese authorities 
NP -> the book iranian music ' 
NP -> a complaint 
NP -> world 's biggest car manufacturer 
NP -> mirkazemi 
NP -> the ambulances and aid forces 
NP -> this pride 
NP -> the tomb of homayoun 
NP -> the fee 
NP -> more employment generators 
NP -> authorities of both countries 
NP -> sadeghi age 
NP -> a more transparent procedure 
NP -> the sunni province of al 
NP -> the basis for investment 
NP -> turkey for the first time 
NP -> the two friend countries 
NP -> khoramdareh planning committee held a meeting 
NP -> nuclear contract 
NP -> iranian karate 
NP -> innovative and unfamiliar poetic heresies 
NP -> half of the world 
NP -> guilani 
NP -> fundamentals 
NP -> a great revolution 
NP -> women athletes 
NP -> a carrier 
NP -> managing society 
NP -> the current conditions 
NP -> this genre 
NP -> this logic 
NP -> the end of the cottage 
NP -> being penniless 
NP -> the agreed timetable 
NP -> the deep political insight 
NP -> an ethical series 
NP -> the middle east added 
NP -> the high ranked members 
NP -> political tendencies opinion 
NP -> central news agency 
NP -> the limiting operations 
NP -> the municipality 
NP -> the centers of provinces and cities 
NP -> little shakuri 
NP -> royal brampton 
NP -> vegetable 
NP -> the worldwide movement 
NP -> some occasions 
NP -> any other country 
NP -> all suffering and difficulty 
NP -> russia to intervene in this issue 
NP -> britain prime minister 
NP -> eighteen teams 
NP -> iron and steel ingot 
NP -> the driver and ahmad and i 
NP -> the politicized world 
NP -> pathological and excessive use 
NP -> numerous works 
NP -> negotiations with the iranian authorities 
NP -> system 
NP -> hamas movement 
NP -> the height 
NP -> the merger of automobile 
NP -> this strengthening 
NP -> the eligible 
NP -> the surface of the skin 
NP -> mrs. butos ' 
NP -> molybdenum stone 
NP -> the new projects of this design 
NP -> election moves in the country 
NP -> sport also the same 
NP -> iran 's position nuclear issue 
NP -> america ' 
NP -> the redefining 
NP -> cash 
NP -> the current crisis 
NP -> its result 
NP -> the famous writer 
NP -> the authorization of this council 
NP -> a certain and fixed level 
NP -> better access 
NP -> sciences 
NP -> the consequences of domestic violence 
NP -> a relationship 
NP -> its inherent and natural values 
NP -> tool 
NP -> the sovereignty 
NP -> equality 
NP -> continuous infection tuberculosis 
NP -> self 
NP -> economy 
NP -> native urbanism 
NP -> many people 
NP -> a blind eye 
NP -> toubi 
NP -> transient excitements 
NP -> mid elections 
NP -> the muslim people 
NP -> some disagreements 
NP -> the main impediment 
NP -> the disciplinary force of the country 
NP -> repayment 
NP -> palestine and an attempt 
NP -> a special tear gas mast 
NP -> appearance 
NP -> some of the existing obstacles 
NP -> the investment market of the country 
NP -> a realistic direction 
NP -> costs allocation 
NP -> this stage 
NP -> the destination of history 
NP -> guardianship jurists 
NP -> her report 
NP -> the corps considering his the basij 
NP -> the maid 's husband 
NP -> the seventh chapter of the charter 
NP -> no evidence 
NP -> the state inspector 
NP -> the election of ayatollah hashemi 
NP -> an extensive coverage 
NP -> a general referendum for all palestinians 
NP -> more cooperation 
NP -> the philippines 
NP -> the sanctions 
NP -> syria and turkey 
NP -> um 
NP -> the wide 
NP -> the blame 
NP -> his breath 
NP -> the society 
NP -> top articles about rug 
NP -> the value 
NP -> the racist regime of israel 
NP -> the petty sellers of narcotics 
NP -> the movements of peasants 
NP -> inflation and unemployment in it 
NP -> hand knitted carpet 
NP -> its laws 
NP -> short interval 
NP -> the caucasus 
NP -> case 
NP -> later 
NP -> reduction 
NP -> rivals 
NP -> chemical substances into hemorrhoid tissue 
NP -> ( publication of such caricatures ) 
NP -> flour production factories 
NP -> stock transactions 
NP -> english language newspaper '' times 
NP -> atomic armaments 
NP -> cia '' organization 
NP -> the holly presence 
NP -> lebanon but this 
NP -> the islamabad airport 
NP -> the new mayor of gonaveh 
NP -> ninth of azar in vietnam 
NP -> the history 
NP -> teachers their children 
NP -> four 
NP -> cup in current year 
NP -> more outbreak 
NP -> the operation areas 
NP -> a period of maximum five months 
NP -> any rate 
NP -> a ceremony 
NP -> the technology analogue televisions 
NP -> a desert 
NP -> the relation of sciences 
NP -> the level of concentration 
NP -> this place 
NP -> an action which some analysts describe 
NP -> such crimes 
NP -> the women 
NP -> the regional government 
NP -> a day saddam 
NP -> us 
NP -> march 
NP -> executive organizations 
NP -> such situations 
NP -> tehran because of disease 
NP -> the main principle 
NP -> an order 
NP -> the racism of this regime 
NP -> the biometric characteristic 
NP -> iran ' s islamic revolution 
NP -> course part of small issues 
NP -> this shia source in lebanon 
NP -> the mountain 
NP -> the interests of the two countries 
NP -> appropriate technology 
NP -> artistic conduct of marko gregorian 
NP -> the arrested person 
NP -> informative graphics 
NP -> the quadripartite committee peace trend 
NP -> light 
NP -> a scene 
NP -> the studies 
NP -> india 's ministry of oil 
NP -> the truck driver 
NP -> the clinical scan sensors 
NP -> the french news agency 
NP -> the ceiling 
NP -> people for visiting this fair 
NP -> the room of business 
NP -> oil markets 
NP -> theoretical work 
NP -> the country ' s capital market 
NP -> seyed mohammad ehsayi 
NP -> mehr 
NP -> its reversal 
NP -> a special tear gas mask 
NP -> the study job 
NP -> crude oil 
NP -> the successor 
NP -> the american psychiatric association 
NP -> some officials and managers 
NP -> newton 's head 
NP -> the incorrect notion 
NP -> consultation centers , an inevitable necessity 
NP -> the new police commander 
NP -> the documentary 
NP -> the undersecretary 
NP -> bush 's government 
NP -> ideological nation 
NP -> the american mission 
NP -> the western banks 
NP -> fazlollah 
NP -> the ambitious plan or project 
NP -> more coins 
NP -> the settlement of israel 
NP -> sabotage in the city 
NP -> all the members 
NP -> wide web 
NP -> soy seed 
NP -> the communication companies 
NP -> the editors 
NP -> an unacceptable mistake 
NP -> two fundamental principles 
NP -> the entrance of the city 
NP -> terms of societal and individual health 
NP -> myself 
NP -> east america 's confrontation with iran 
NP -> the energy ministry 
NP -> a heart valve operation yesterday echocardiogram 
NP -> salvation 
NP -> the title '' alsadegh school 
NP -> a wrestler 
NP -> iran 's defeat 
NP -> the solidified paraffin 
NP -> testing 
NP -> printed materials to traffic signs 
NP -> the governmental organizations 
NP -> this elections 
NP -> the tools 
NP -> the balance of power 
NP -> hot water 
NP -> the capital of lebanon 
NP -> the continuance 
NP -> the london negotiations 
NP -> commanding good and prohibiting evil 
NP -> his two new ministers 
NP -> the similarity 
NP -> rafsanjani 
NP -> their nutritional values 
NP -> his friend 
NP -> managing director 
NP -> the modern life 
NP -> the heads of the three branches 
NP -> the french 
NP -> majmal al 
NP -> the other side possession 
NP -> this identity 
NP -> its own size 
NP -> the eco cooperation including commerce 
NP -> some two oral and cordial phases 
NP -> the second period of hatamiki 's 
NP -> a minimum two 
NP -> method 
NP -> the egyptian and jordanian educational methods 
NP -> the global markets 
NP -> example with pressure and heat 
NP -> the savior christ 
NP -> the history of the attention 
NP -> fourth 
NP -> five of his counterparts 
NP -> the presidential elections 
NP -> his hands and feet 
NP -> month 
NP -> the mergence 
NP -> the former u.s. secretary of defense 
NP -> values 
NP -> their departure from the region 
NP -> a chapter on his primary works 
NP -> the entrance of german students 
NP -> the days 
NP -> another excuse 
NP -> contradiction 
NP -> a report by irna 
NP -> flights , the location of airport 
NP -> avicenna cultural center 
NP -> a cage 
NP -> numerous demands 
NP -> the opposition of present parties 
NP -> some of the ships 
NP -> the advantage of israel 
NP -> civilization and culture 
NP -> the present information in the address 
NP -> the automobile industry 
NP -> strategic unions 
NP -> the domestic and foreign flights 
NP -> omar albashir 
NP -> faults 
NP -> consumer preferences 
NP -> several masters 
NP -> the office of the president 
NP -> necessary funds from domestic resources 
NP -> the second chapter 
NP -> love 
NP -> directors 
NP -> substitute products 
NP -> human , these bounties 
NP -> its pavement 
NP -> the public contribution 
NP -> this country in this project 
NP -> the reforms of two previous months 
NP -> the leadership election of this party 
NP -> the people of the area 
NP -> an economic expert 
NP -> the tip of a sharp object 
NP -> sunni tribes 
NP -> sama javadi party , molayem 
NP -> trade and scientific identities 
NP -> fuel distribution 
NP -> the iranian cultural heritage '' 
NP -> new threats 
NP -> the piece 
NP -> bank deposits 
NP -> the coming 
NP -> absolute independency 
NP -> the thieves 
NP -> the affiliation 
NP -> amazing accomplishments 
NP -> assistant 
NP -> last night 
NP -> an indian 
NP -> any economical system 
NP -> the important issues 
NP -> pakistan 's 
NP -> poets 
NP -> agriculture jihad 
NP -> the importance of caspian sea 
NP -> our children against pathogenic germs 
NP -> types and kinds of people 
NP -> the basij of the sisters 
NP -> research 
NP -> blessing 
NP -> forests and pastures 
NP -> the turkish forces 
NP -> the territories 
NP -> our resistance culture 
NP -> history 
NP -> distribution of the european parliament seats 
NP -> nima and the revolution verse 
NP -> answer 
NP -> practical wisdom 
NP -> this trend in future matches 
NP -> the unity 
NP -> the narrator 
NP -> the relatively significant level 
NP -> france ' s news agency 
NP -> another war 
NP -> this regime 
NP -> a column 
NP -> hitherto 
NP -> the two organizations 
NP -> bush too 
NP -> a long - term comprehensive solution 
NP -> the national unity 
NP -> the first level ) 
NP -> present services in the market 
NP -> telgodisam party 
NP -> the research team of this physicist 
NP -> the body of society 
NP -> a brief 
NP -> predominant 
NP -> hussein fazlollah source 
NP -> the resolving 
NP -> many poets composed 
NP -> the second step 
NP -> tromen 
NP -> various conferences 
NP -> justice , peace and the pursuers 
NP -> continuity 
NP -> any innovation 
NP -> peace in middle 
NP -> the bright future 
NP -> the event 
NP -> the modification of their outlook 
NP -> a mere oral utterance 
NP -> this words mom 's 
NP -> this sensitivity 
NP -> other directors 
NP -> the traffic signposts and signals iran 
NP -> the islamic committee 
NP -> navaz sharif 
NP -> an economic police 
NP -> bank investments 
NP -> his contact and talks 
NP -> the mind of the youth 
NP -> the their final meetings 
NP -> a higher amount 
NP -> the meaning of transition period 
NP -> their responsibilities 
NP -> companionship and friendship 
NP -> paris 
NP -> the agency 's recent agreement 
NP -> organizations 
NP -> this way zionists 
NP -> the entrance of the needed medications 
NP -> sudan parliament 's foreign affairs committee 
NP -> unjust leaders 
NP -> preservation and protection 
NP -> mehran town 
NP -> saakashvili ' 
NP -> shoulders 
NP -> bombing in four locations of tehran 
NP -> regress hundreds 
NP -> the verge 
NP -> the most important product 
NP -> the besieging 
NP -> other iraqi proposals 
NP -> the behavior 
NP -> a private interview 
NP -> the lanes 
NP -> decades 
NP -> any position 
NP -> the road construction sector 
NP -> this action by america 
NP -> services 
NP -> paris ' 
NP -> turkey on northern iraq 
NP -> one real fasting 
NP -> the passenger 
NP -> this ceremony vice president aliabadi 
NP -> the program for low income children 
NP -> the second commercial office 
NP -> democratic principles 
NP -> the trade minister 
NP -> the guarantor 
NP -> the security co 
NP -> ships ' movements 
NP -> the zionist organization 
NP -> the instructions of society administration 
NP -> iran 's defeat against china 
NP -> the only thing that they see 
NP -> patriotism 
NP -> these paradigms 
NP -> this message 
NP -> the current bank of non 
NP -> this island for turkey 
NP -> its results 
NP -> much love and sincerity between them 
NP -> alms 
NP -> other government policies 
NP -> a complete way 
NP -> the president of this committee 
NP -> air 
NP -> your blood sugar 
NP -> the current transformations in russia 
NP -> the people of japan 
NP -> times of dispute 
NP -> an international bank 
NP -> the serious impairment of the country 
NP -> the former management 
NP -> the maker 
NP -> generated deadlock 
NP -> france and holland 
NP -> the memorable dr gheysar 
NP -> constant contact with animals and stables 
NP -> the dam 
NP -> nato and america 
NP -> semi 
NP -> poetry professor 
NP -> the second government 
NP -> the gear box 
NP -> a repeated error 
NP -> the hidden secrets 
NP -> the calculation 
NP -> organization of tehran province 
NP -> the third level ) 
NP -> the bases of ghosam 
NP -> fruit seller 
NP -> one vote of theirs 
NP -> the islamic - inclined government 
NP -> the present and future 
NP -> luxury automobiles 
NP -> the budget deficit 
NP -> the information and pressof ministry 
NP -> militaries 
NP -> a large volume 
NP -> unreasonable words 
NP -> a safe tablet 
NP -> governmental companies 
NP -> this public group 
NP -> some difficulties 
NP -> a fuel card 
NP -> those scientists 
NP -> new classrooms 
NP -> conclusion 
NP -> addition the research program '' lacatush 
NP -> robotic projects 
NP -> an economic solution 
NP -> a small factory in advanced countries 
NP -> the early return economic agency plan 
NP -> care 
NP -> the unity and internal agreement 
NP -> its relevant regulations 
NP -> interference '' in it 
NP -> aljazira network 
NP -> advisor 
NP -> the parliamentary negotiations 
NP -> the front 
NP -> the state of manganese oxide 
NP -> this country tuesday evening in ankara 
NP -> the social relations between nations 
NP -> a light 
NP -> civil management 
NP -> card 
NP -> military action against iraq 
NP -> an accurate and multilateral investigation 
NP -> the help 
NP -> bushehr province 
NP -> these orders 
NP -> equivalents 
NP -> opinion between the experts 
NP -> the official news agency 
NP -> some duties 
NP -> the same driver 
NP -> his recent decision 
NP -> a social system 
NP -> touch 
NP -> hanging 
NP -> litkos language invented by professor fraurenthal 
NP -> every iranian 
NP -> american people 
NP -> the expert power 
NP -> his motivation and high readiness 
NP -> defence maritime force 
NP -> the toman 
NP -> foreign exchange debts of the country 
NP -> your nation and country 
NP -> dr kourosh parvizian 
NP -> the heads of this union 
NP -> understanding 
NP -> the entire faith 
NP -> joint committees 
NP -> publication of textbooks representative 
NP -> aim 
NP -> capital in cooperatives 
NP -> the internal goods 
NP -> eardrum 
NP -> the communist party 
NP -> a reality 
NP -> the snowy 
NP -> the helm 
NP -> the antiterrorism service 
NP -> each square kilometer of kazakhstan 
NP -> most of the key positions 
NP -> shin howa news agency 
NP -> the providing 
NP -> this column 
NP -> suitable facilities 
NP -> this powerful body 
NP -> military operations in northern iraq 
NP -> elements in their expansion 
NP -> a world 
NP -> the turkish prime minister 
NP -> two million rials 
NP -> a couple of hours 
NP -> their thought and point of view 
NP -> medicines , pricing and distribution 
NP -> a joint press conference 
NP -> this group of society 
NP -> the capital of this country 
NP -> sabra and shatila 
NP -> hoseinabadi 
NP -> farahnaz sharifi 
NP -> drug abuse and self damaging behaviors 
NP -> the persian lng company 's 
NP -> these persons 
NP -> a wife and husband 
NP -> any cost 
NP -> engineer 
NP -> hygiene deputy for foods and drugs 
NP -> sale for no reason 
NP -> accomplishments 
NP -> force and threat 
NP -> a resolute strategy 
NP -> israel 's view 
NP -> the new session as positive 
NP -> priority to renovate the streets especially 
NP -> every one 
NP -> reports of irna 
NP -> the growths 
NP -> the tehran council 
NP -> hasan fazlallah member 
NP -> regards 
NP -> the iranian nation you were impolite 
NP -> the strongest reasons 
NP -> an instable way 
NP -> aviv 
NP -> some investigation 
NP -> western medias 
NP -> the goals and responsibilities 
NP -> the ninth government 's attention 
NP -> the zionism plan 
NP -> gholam hosein norouzi and aliakbar mehrabian 
NP -> an increase or continuation 
NP -> economical 
NP -> the only thing 
NP -> concern over turkish mortar attacks 
NP -> this interpretation full of meanings 
NP -> the cinematograph 
NP -> the other causes 
NP -> free sale 
NP -> the hero of dramatic our times 
NP -> the basis of this act 
NP -> the reporters ' 
NP -> the senior officials 
NP -> the present problems 
NP -> the first session 
NP -> nasa officials 
NP -> radio and tv 
NP -> those in favor 
NP -> the collection of his current trips 
NP -> an opinion poll 
NP -> bahman 
NP -> economic and social reasons 
NP -> the promise of good deeds 
NP -> final 
NP -> garb sacred 
NP -> this specific substance meaning '' antocianin 
NP -> this group and reduction 
NP -> switzerland 's federal energy 
NP -> the divinity of god and obedience 
NP -> economical , specialized and political reasons 
NP -> the united arab emirates 
NP -> the day 
NP -> the leaders of this country 
NP -> a house 
NP -> arrest and imprisonment 
NP -> the main issue meaning revelation 
NP -> religious people 
NP -> a pentagon press conference 
NP -> the forces from around the evening 
NP -> self confidence in citizens 
NP -> mr ahmadi 
NP -> two kinds 
NP -> his investigations 
NP -> the expenses 
NP -> the shiny wall 
NP -> harsh behavior 
NP -> the points 
NP -> friday the palestinian 
NP -> free funds 
NP -> alberta in canada 
NP -> new players 
NP -> the last book 
NP -> the meeting of david 
NP -> visibility 
NP -> the end of everything 
NP -> honda accord 
NP -> the united states president 's 
NP -> three american soldiers 
NP -> charlie 
NP -> the threat of his temptations 
NP -> a mountain 
NP -> missions 
NP -> distinguishing power of this telescope 
NP -> the final solution 
NP -> electricity network unit 
NP -> the embassy 
NP -> the jealous people 
NP -> reports received from reliable sources 
NP -> the airplanes 
NP -> hamshahri 
NP -> the oslo convention 
NP -> a special meaning 
NP -> the government and parliament turkey 
NP -> heartland 
NP -> the establishing 
NP -> his wrong calculations 
NP -> the general manager 's 
NP -> this agency ' 
NP -> eight 
NP -> world oppression 
NP -> parsabad , cost three billion rials 
NP -> a more effective role 
NP -> angle pillars 
NP -> political , social and cultural development 
NP -> the presidency of '' bouris yaltsin 
NP -> the broker country 
NP -> the import 
NP -> this mindset 
NP -> a real and foreseeable possibility 
NP -> realistic idealism 
NP -> the grace and favor of god 
NP -> the samples 
NP -> spokesmanship of this association 
NP -> these two rigs 
NP -> the jurisprudence terms 
NP -> nano particles 
NP -> soul 
NP -> front of us 
NP -> this phenomenon 
NP -> sky news 
NP -> tabriz site said '' irankhodro 
NP -> a high number 
NP -> sanction weapon 
NP -> a group of representatives 
NP -> putin 's assassination 
NP -> continiuation 
NP -> the people of russia 
NP -> tv 
NP -> types of wealth 
NP -> the arab - israeli dispute 
NP -> the principles of democratic ssytems 
NP -> their knees 
NP -> a healthy relationship 
NP -> a fast coalition 
NP -> the iran of the ghajar era 
NP -> every corner of moslems ' hearts 
NP -> the suppliants of construction 
NP -> the framework of security council 
NP -> troops to the middle east 
NP -> his mission 
NP -> spare parts 
NP -> the investors 
NP -> his example 
NP -> the women of my country 
NP -> the opening 
NP -> each square kilometer 
NP -> public passages and spaces 
NP -> the science ministry 
NP -> religious people who approached the establishment 
NP -> a grave site like prison 
NP -> those voted for him 
NP -> no price 
NP -> special envoy 
NP -> some of the arab tribes 
NP -> business men and merchants 
NP -> preservation and continuation 
NP -> the announcements of nouri al 
NP -> the wrestling community 
NP -> the death squads 
NP -> culture and science and native urbanism 
NP -> capitulation behavior 
NP -> the bishops 
NP -> an effort 
NP -> rape of women 
NP -> fars quoting the france news agency 
NP -> graves 
NP -> official specialists 
NP -> javad sadeghi in this 
NP -> this islamic assembly 
NP -> affiliate newspapers and websites 
NP -> danger 
NP -> technology and lack 
NP -> the government of the ussr 
NP -> the social and political composition 
NP -> possession of our sacred 
NP -> their final view 
NP -> the entanglement 
NP -> the form of exchanging bills 
NP -> the agricultural irrigation 
NP -> banking affairs 
NP -> their own destiny and we 
NP -> america one day 
NP -> the happy eid fetr 
NP -> all social corruptions and problems 
NP -> ph of the retina 
NP -> its actual place 
NP -> the guest 
NP -> the growth of inflation 
NP -> a poll today or tomorrow 
NP -> the artists and the scientists 
NP -> a bench 
NP -> the sunset 
NP -> the hamerto storm 's 
NP -> the show 
NP -> the top 
NP -> the hands of judicature body 
NP -> this week 
NP -> a simple manner 
NP -> their services 
NP -> the massive problems 
NP -> helping and cooperation 
NP -> the boycott list 
NP -> the scrip and the framework 
NP -> subduing 
NP -> earache 
NP -> the completion of boushehr power plants 
NP -> the work plan 
NP -> the studies office 
NP -> you 
NP -> this phenomenon judiciary 
NP -> markazi province 
NP -> iranian specialist forces 
NP -> the decisions of this organization 
NP -> the observation of cultivation standards 
NP -> chambers 
NP -> consideration 
NP -> karate for the ancient continent iran 
NP -> the environment and the joint scientific 
NP -> poland and estonian republic didn ' 
NP -> the pakistani airlines 
NP -> six days 
NP -> their own hearts 
NP -> disdain 
NP -> the extent 
NP -> countries opec and big petroleum companies 
NP -> exit from one 
NP -> health malpractices 
NP -> their lack of basis 
NP -> the relevant organizations 
NP -> the left wing 
NP -> the deadliest crimes 
NP -> foot 
NP -> the collection of the iris flower 
NP -> services of using chain stores 
NP -> any 
NP -> avoidance of impurity 
NP -> professional work services 
NP -> the gas rationing plan 
NP -> children in these families 
NP -> the world markets 
NP -> other things 
NP -> a majestic and wonderful epopee 
NP -> the free zones 
NP -> the military robots production projects 
NP -> most fruit and vegetables 
NP -> the instructors 
NP -> our structure 
NP -> this pole any any thing 
NP -> the influential lobby 
NP -> public elections 
NP -> the oppressed in the society 
NP -> the united nations -- - - 
NP -> the west and iran 
NP -> larijani 's 
NP -> the denial of iran ' 
NP -> america ' s accusations 
NP -> israel and lebanon 
NP -> an interview with p news agency 
NP -> proof men 's 
NP -> close ties 
NP -> a saudi family 
NP -> these threats 
NP -> guards 
NP -> peace and war 
NP -> the protection and vigilance 
NP -> kiodo 
NP -> sheikh adel al 
NP -> styles 
NP -> the increase of military forces 
NP -> the managing director of the fars 
NP -> some time rest and physiotherapy 
NP -> israel and america of the proposal 
NP -> their branch 
NP -> dialogue and logic 
NP -> prisoner 's 
NP -> elbaradei 
NP -> the home 
NP -> a space 
NP -> its national benefits 
NP -> istanbul university 
NP -> iranian music 
NP -> the economic history of the country 
NP -> the opposing conservative party 
NP -> economic growth and poverty 
NP -> deserts of arabia 
NP -> themselves they preserve their prestige 
NP -> any country including iran 
NP -> russia in our imagination 
NP -> their mother 
NP -> an era 
NP -> the internal war and compensation 
NP -> saba 
NP -> $ year as the ambassador 
NP -> the pain 
NP -> pull 
NP -> possible people 
NP -> strength 
NP -> sunnites and shiites 
NP -> a document 
NP -> the financial supporters 
NP -> banisadr 's 
NP -> their behavior 
NP -> development of human forces 
NP -> the deposition 
NP -> the economic policies 
NP -> the distributed news 
NP -> dollars capital 
NP -> the future 
NP -> the milliyet newspaper quoting general buyukanit 
NP -> this test 
NP -> the age of voters 
NP -> order and social moral security 
NP -> the overall policies 
NP -> such a question 
NP -> these factors 
NP -> the medical society 
NP -> eye witnesses in the region 
NP -> the comments 
NP -> currents and vacillations 
NP -> two totally identical buildings 
NP -> this decision making 
NP -> the field of communications 
NP -> deputy minister 
NP -> some hours flying by helicopter line 
NP -> a wet towel with us 
NP -> arrival at vienna 
NP -> heavy dust 
NP -> his press conference 
NP -> a good example 
NP -> the auspicious feast 
NP -> cia or not 
NP -> permanent members of the security council 
NP -> the last two months 
NP -> the crime of apostasy 
NP -> the iron woman 
NP -> the union 
NP -> the objects 
NP -> military force 
NP -> high science and technology one 
NP -> the tip 
NP -> this serial 
NP -> the mechanism of supply and demand 
NP -> the martyrs 
NP -> some conversations 
NP -> a number of physicians 
NP -> a gharz 
NP -> imam khomeini ( 
NP -> assassinations 
NP -> nato in afghanistan 
NP -> the same 
NP -> turkmenistan 
NP -> every day more residents 
NP -> the management of such a company 
NP -> all cultures and countries 
NP -> the recent performance program 
NP -> islamic republic news agency 
NP -> the alavi jurisprudence 
NP -> effort 
NP -> their superpower 
NP -> professor fraurenthal 
NP -> paul volfvitz and shaha reza 
NP -> coarse woolen cloth 
NP -> his dependants en > 
NP -> rejuvenation and merriment 
NP -> a credit line 
NP -> the flowing 
NP -> this country ' s soil 
NP -> effects of zeal 
NP -> low dust 
NP -> millions of palestinian refugees 
NP -> these matches 
NP -> the ideals 
NP -> continuation of the issues 
NP -> the military power 
NP -> the term of their responsibility 
NP -> any military operations 
NP -> the country and law 
NP -> the chief 
NP -> asaluye 
NP -> the group koran 
NP -> the greatest bounties 
NP -> transit fee pakistan 's 
NP -> dr. parviz davoudi 
NP -> competition of iran khodro and saipa 
NP -> a very heavy responsibility 
NP -> gas transit 
NP -> fundamental problems 
NP -> the kurdish workers party 
NP -> semi finished iron products 
NP -> the non presence 
NP -> military 
NP -> qasr prison 
NP -> ministers ' conference 
NP -> the sensitivities 
NP -> the nuclear disputes 
NP -> presence and investment 
NP -> syria 's 
NP -> the reaction 
NP -> social security or medicinal services 
NP -> hygiene responsibility 
NP -> vehicle 
NP -> shaha alireza 
NP -> both republics 
NP -> the gas pipeline 
NP -> the former prime minister of pakistan 
NP -> the ancient philosophy and wisdom 
NP -> the zionist enemy plans 
NP -> different economic methods 
NP -> administrative facilities 
NP -> the jungle moaning 
NP -> the officers 
NP -> his terror 
NP -> streets 
NP -> turkey 's military intervention 
NP -> the bombardments and iraqis ' arrival 
NP -> the group of holistic medicine 
NP -> the issue of gradual pull out 
NP -> his peronist opponent in presidential elections 
NP -> any price 
NP -> the officials of japan 
NP -> this precious month 
NP -> different areas 
NP -> albaradei 
NP -> methadone 
NP -> the american government official 's 
NP -> the association ' 
NP -> reuters news agency 
NP -> nadimi 
NP -> customary competitions 
NP -> innovation 
NP -> foreign affairs of russia 
NP -> the international educational classes 
NP -> some long poems 
NP -> the remainder of the dishwashing liquid 
NP -> bulgarian writing 
NP -> a western story 
NP -> zebkov 
NP -> the power of shiism school 
NP -> food 
NP -> a stable republic 
NP -> october of every year 
NP -> their outlook 
NP -> the united nations ' 
NP -> the state of lebanon 
NP -> the chinese 
NP -> an indicator 
NP -> the pictures 
NP -> motivation and encouragement 
NP -> this protractor 
NP -> fetr suitable grounds 
NP -> the stream 
NP -> the kind 
NP -> the most peace 
NP -> the reduction 
NP -> tonight 
NP -> other measures that should be adopted 
NP -> a type of self alienation 
NP -> military activities against turkish kurdish workers 
NP -> behbahan 's 
NP -> a geographical point of view 
NP -> mohsen pak ayin 
NP -> year beijing olympic 
NP -> enough power 
NP -> philosophical poetry 
NP -> the new stage 
NP -> ostrich breeding 
NP -> a positive answer 
NP -> their defeat 
NP -> their wealth 
NP -> the heads of the countries 
NP -> the mergence of the councils 
NP -> the current turkish monetary policy procedure 
NP -> mixed oxide mox 
NP -> hope toward pakistan 's sooner exit 
NP -> the bound religious verse 
NP -> these credentials 
NP -> their negative answer 
NP -> the recent years 
NP -> their authorities 
NP -> the minister of housing and urbanization 
NP -> the basis of marital life 
NP -> a series of operations 
NP -> albaradee 
NP -> an american foreign ministry official 
NP -> the continued presence 
NP -> foreign information 
NP -> man and livestock 
NP -> stock information base in this announcement 
NP -> the time of the announcement 
NP -> their inability 
NP -> the possible deceptions 
NP -> shahr e 
NP -> interpreters 
NP -> the star 
NP -> serbeska 
NP -> korea 
NP -> active tuberculosis 
NP -> the king 
NP -> party positions 
NP -> the key issues congress 
NP -> all fields in the best way 
NP -> the house of iran ' 
NP -> justice center 
NP -> more consultations 
NP -> any words 
NP -> your ( yes ) list 
NP -> the fall of fatah 
NP -> the horrible storms 
NP -> mohsan rezaee , qalibaf and larijani 
NP -> the theft of the files 
NP -> women and children 
NP -> substitute 
NP -> an important and fateful night 
NP -> the face of earth and wickedness 
NP -> the prayers 
NP -> no other responsible organization 
NP -> one quadrillion of a second 
NP -> the assembly of experts 
NP -> the surroundings of this mountain 
NP -> the mission of the corps 
NP -> i ' 
NP -> a joint meeting 
NP -> gaza strip 
NP -> international pole 
NP -> birjand in a speech 
NP -> this leopard 
NP -> your interest 
NP -> rome i 
NP -> limit salt concentration oroumieh 
NP -> your unlawful measures 
NP -> iran ' s president 
NP -> energy security 
NP -> a cause 
NP -> july 
NP -> her skin breathes 
NP -> two third 
NP -> coordination between different religions 
NP -> the supervision 
NP -> their auspicious being 
NP -> a period of captivity i 
NP -> its temptations 
NP -> the cultural officials of the country 
NP -> the seventh parliament 
NP -> the base of the kurdish insurgents 
NP -> god and love 
NP -> a palestinian 
NP -> portland america 
NP -> a particular weight and status 
NP -> the ending part of the colon 
NP -> tir of this year 
NP -> refineries 
NP -> the southeast 
NP -> the rescuing 
NP -> the tyrant powers 
NP -> production of the program 
NP -> the time of coalition forces 
NP -> the development of relations 
NP -> a reduction of farmers ' yield 
NP -> the great leader 
NP -> production and presentation centers 
NP -> seyed mohammad khatami 
NP -> scientific secretary 
NP -> a fundamental change 
NP -> the blessed heart 
NP -> the ministry of power of iran 
NP -> two countries ' economic ties 
NP -> a social foundation 
NP -> the regional cooperation 
NP -> nomads season of selling extra livestock 
NP -> the orders of this humanizing book 
NP -> relations and regulations 
NP -> the excuse 
NP -> the influence and credibility 
NP -> a longer life 
NP -> the information base of the presidency 
NP -> something 
NP -> credit 
NP -> holding election 
NP -> views 
NP -> the country 's political scene 
NP -> king 
NP -> agents of world 
NP -> the provision of free petrol 
NP -> the zeros 
NP -> the u.s. 
NP -> this republic according to this agreement 
NP -> the world 's future 
NP -> these funds 
NP -> condemnation of offence 
NP -> the divine book and the second 
NP -> a good market for afghanistan exportation 
NP -> atomic agency 
NP -> islamic communions 
NP -> the section 
NP -> centers 
NP -> the ceiling in the viewer 
NP -> mohammadraza khakpoor 
NP -> the advancements and development 
NP -> shamlou , forough , nima 
NP -> the frame of his camera 
NP -> hamshahri on - line 
NP -> its negative consequences 
NP -> protection of their lives 
NP -> extinction 
NP -> a faster return 
NP -> antecedents 
NP -> the existing resources 
NP -> yesterday in esfahan 
NP -> a major rival 
NP -> their motherlands to other countries 
NP -> arab tribes 
NP -> ceiling 
NP -> manufacturing 
NP -> the theory of '' realistic idealism 
NP -> environmental situation of the caspian sea 
NP -> the rotating president 
NP -> people power 
NP -> concern of all powers 
NP -> the najaf scholars 
NP -> an interview with phoenix tv 
NP -> close comrades and friends this honored 
NP -> his city 's team 
NP -> a toyota and the other one 
NP -> the final price 
NP -> the morning 
NP -> rh 
NP -> last year 's battle 
NP -> s meeting 
NP -> this beautiful ode 
NP -> the emphasis of mr putin 
NP -> the governmental companies stock 
NP -> power arrangement in palestine 
NP -> islam their duty 
NP -> the mentioned mountain 
NP -> private sector activity 
NP -> the petroleum market 
NP -> the province of terhan 
NP -> the issues of the caspian sea 
NP -> an organization in different fields 
NP -> better conditions 
NP -> medical services 
NP -> america 's election 
NP -> barbed wire 
NP -> experts of leadership 
NP -> the additional economic value of syria 
NP -> the problems 
NP -> these immigrants ' 
NP -> tabataba ' i 
NP -> the strategies 
NP -> the start of this meeting putin 
NP -> the migration of gas and flour 
NP -> defeat or desperation 
NP -> the governor of virginia 
NP -> the bad effect 
NP -> the international energy agency ( i 
NP -> terrorism 
NP -> the ministry of power in iran 
NP -> thousands of palestinians 
NP -> this credit row name 
NP -> judiciary in the country and law 
NP -> his corpse 
NP -> the west 's 
NP -> bombardment 
NP -> the climate of competitive 
NP -> the first time 
NP -> the motive 
NP -> the duty of the agency 
NP -> the key positions 
NP -> several political murders 
NP -> organizing exhibitions 
NP -> yesterday morning 
NP -> shinhova 
NP -> a brief conversation irna 
NP -> image transmission 
NP -> tehran and suburb bus company 
NP -> shahin villa 
NP -> the declaration of the social democrats 
NP -> the central offices of culture 
NP -> a much resemblance 
NP -> iraq by turkey 's parliament 
NP -> a means 
NP -> the prize 
NP -> first class team 
NP -> the islamic researchers 
NP -> a possibility for negociation 
NP -> the cover of this organization 
NP -> a car 
NP -> valmoslemin ghahreman ahmadi 
NP -> some of his poems 
NP -> his move 
NP -> dimitir paskof 
NP -> the islamic economic organization among them 
NP -> these statistics 
NP -> goal removing water fountains from school 
NP -> united russia 
NP -> our revolutionary children 
NP -> the future path 
NP -> the french police 
NP -> wealth or net value 
NP -> the hole 
NP -> this measure by the democrat party 
NP -> presence in these fairs 
NP -> european union 's delegation 
NP -> high consumption 
NP -> charities 
NP -> one side 
NP -> the intended results 
NP -> much anti american 
NP -> youth champion of the province 
NP -> president ' 
NP -> the prosperity of domestic production 
NP -> the rise in oil price 
NP -> his chairmanship of the experts 
NP -> the flowing of flood 
NP -> the result of infectious diseases 
NP -> your behaviors and words 
NP -> my opinion 
NP -> the opponents 
NP -> works of mention of '' allah 
NP -> the network 
NP -> the theological school and clergies 
NP -> this novel phenomenon 
NP -> someletters 
NP -> the supervision of foreign information 
NP -> i don ' 
NP -> the religious programs 
NP -> production and distribution 
NP -> mental illnesses and day 
NP -> prime minister of japan 
NP -> poison 
NP -> their view 
NP -> turkey and the arab union 
NP -> no longer any appeal 
NP -> one american soldier 
NP -> mobile cannons 
NP -> internet addiction disorder 
NP -> the statement 
NP -> a denial 
NP -> this region 
NP -> a good fight against saee 
NP -> their administration 
NP -> the national park of golestan 
NP -> the premier level 
NP -> the region face 
NP -> the leaders ' meeting 
NP -> damascus in speech 
NP -> the nights 
NP -> oppressive powers in iraq 
NP -> the palestinian ministry of education 
NP -> the acquainted doer 
NP -> his country ' s understanding 
NP -> his travel diary 
NP -> their illegitimate goals 
NP -> irresponsible speeches 
NP -> iran shows 
NP -> healing and drug 
NP -> a number of scholars and knowledgeables 
NP -> the invention 
NP -> the financial status of the producer 
NP -> the family sphere health 
NP -> its thirty 
NP -> a cliff 
NP -> extra socks 
NP -> these two ministries 
NP -> our women 
NP -> satisfaction of his apprentices 
NP -> serious and deep disagreements 
NP -> the urban railway corporation 
NP -> rulebooks 
NP -> the fifth congress 
NP -> their nomination 
NP -> the sand 
NP -> numerous changes 
NP -> other manufacturers 
NP -> the american ambassador in iraq 
NP -> armavi 
NP -> god insolent individuals 
NP -> net value 
NP -> the cases 
NP -> the text of this report 
NP -> the title gharz 
NP -> immigration 
NP -> the probable wounded 
NP -> further partnership 
NP -> the russian military 
NP -> economic pressures 
NP -> intolerant of heat 
NP -> the officials of the international community 
NP -> its support 
NP -> masoud saad composed in nai prison 
NP -> its celestial 
NP -> the ancient history 
NP -> chairs 
NP -> the shiite thought system 
NP -> superior council 
NP -> tani 
NP -> the scrip 
NP -> it and others 
NP -> saad 
NP -> grape fruit 
NP -> models 
NP -> the universe 
NP -> leaders of influential groups 
NP -> americans finish 
NP -> this term 
NP -> behaviors , thoughts and stances 
NP -> risk of closure 
NP -> the gas market of the world 
NP -> presented information 
NP -> especially european union complete vigilance 
NP -> different aspects 
NP -> the general congress 
NP -> the prophets ' divine mission 
NP -> this a synopsis 
NP -> no one 
NP -> vladimir putin 
NP -> the complex 's grass field 
NP -> this convention and morli diora 
NP -> sun 
NP -> several books 
NP -> speed and devotion 
NP -> ghods 
NP -> its friday editorial 
NP -> the main dome 
NP -> all armed forces 
NP -> a favorable environment and discipline 
NP -> the philosophy of history 
NP -> the nations 
NP -> the bill 
NP -> the scientific committee 
NP -> this step 
NP -> trade and investment 
NP -> karate referees 
NP -> domestic and foreign reporters 
NP -> media - based and psychological operations 
NP -> every nation and country 
NP -> the religion of islam 
NP -> the wastes of tehran 
NP -> the panel of ministers 
NP -> those affluent people 
NP -> the most important role 
NP -> successive and constant consults 
NP -> the honorable leader of the revolution 
NP -> all the privileges 
NP -> black marble but the second tomb 
NP -> muhammad 
NP -> tehran zoo 
NP -> awareness 
NP -> the responsibility 
NP -> a psychological discussion 
NP -> islamic union 
NP -> haven ' t 
NP -> the pistachio support package 
NP -> importance 
NP -> the decision of opec ministers 
NP -> hopefulness 
NP -> host 
NP -> plains around mehran town 
NP -> outcomes 
NP -> some interesting and appropriate laws 
NP -> the grace and memory 
NP -> german students 
NP -> each of them 
NP -> his extensive studies 
NP -> the world in the committee field 
NP -> the tv technicians 
NP -> the provisions 
NP -> division or sharing 
NP -> prophet ( p 
NP -> european cities 
NP -> means of a www portal 
NP -> the rights 
NP -> the dependence on foreigners 
NP -> this country from next week 
NP -> another opportunity for israel 
NP -> the significant part 
NP -> iraq , petraeus and crocker 
NP -> a carrier person 
NP -> prisons 
NP -> rights ' shares 
NP -> this country historical 
NP -> obama , the democrat representative , 
NP -> a global level 
NP -> price of gas in this country 
NP -> its surrounding area 
NP -> > i 
NP -> life ' s opportunity 
NP -> the hero 
NP -> the iranian handicraft organization 
NP -> efficient and equipped resource 
NP -> tajikistan 
NP -> eighties 
NP -> science 
NP -> the institutions 
NP -> saedi 
NP -> other governments 
NP -> any problem 
NP -> the telegraph newspaper published in london 
NP -> emil lahood 
NP -> armed individuals 
NP -> the muslim palestinians 
NP -> some of the prominent political authorities 
NP -> this convention 
NP -> the state of a substance 
NP -> the condition 
NP -> natural and human sciences 
NP -> the eighth congressional elections 
NP -> various problems 
NP -> educational programs 
NP -> every poet 
NP -> a kind of operation 
NP -> big monorails 
NP -> one year visa and the investigations 
NP -> india 's real problem 
NP -> printed materials 
NP -> a new democracy 
NP -> june 
NP -> limited resources 
NP -> functional issues 
NP -> globalization 
NP -> herself and her colleagues 
NP -> this trend 
NP -> their unilateral policy 
NP -> mousa 
NP -> the us missile shield 
NP -> a heart 
NP -> the first reason 
NP -> the iranian delegation 
NP -> val 
NP -> the enemy ' 
NP -> the focal point 
NP -> private organization 
NP -> currents and vacillations of oil 
NP -> the skirmishes 
NP -> the evil temptations 
NP -> low quality 
NP -> the election of president 
NP -> a bill issue entry permission 
NP -> an insignificant amount 
NP -> high definition television 
NP -> subjects within subjects 
NP -> gharz 
NP -> the outcome 
NP -> the increase in share 
NP -> green area 
NP -> reliable information 
NP -> ali vazirian 
NP -> tabataba ' 
NP -> all its accomplishments 
NP -> palestinian news sources 
NP -> the mind of the young people 
NP -> this garden ' 
NP -> reflection 
NP -> no major transactions 
NP -> agreements for the iranian wheat exportation 
NP -> iraq 
NP -> a bright candle 
NP -> the hand 
NP -> iraq oil 
NP -> the stock broking department 
NP -> the people and resolution 
NP -> the building of the tomb 
NP -> the holy 
NP -> the general frameworks 
NP -> mozzafareddin shah 
NP -> psychology or political science 
NP -> an honored and night 
NP -> mac kein and thompson 
NP -> townships 
NP -> zobdeh 
NP -> some shahnameh ledgends 
NP -> vibrio cholera 
NP -> travel agencies 
NP -> this military coup 
NP -> the member 
NP -> little carbon dioxide 
NP -> mohammadi '' 
NP -> all supporters of poetry and literature 
NP -> a specific title 
NP -> the government at present 
NP -> the satisfaction 
NP -> consumer markets and materialism 
NP -> morgenta 
NP -> the social conservatives 
NP -> journey 
NP -> the stipulated time 
NP -> the ratifications of parliament 
NP -> others ' vote 
NP -> poverty and ignorance 
NP -> ioni 
NP -> the most important contemporary american intellectual 
NP -> the quota 
NP -> the season of transfers and dislocations 
NP -> stock market indexes 
NP -> god 's help 
NP -> political legitimacy 
NP -> akbari 
NP -> the health of the heart 
NP -> this meeting about tajikistan 
NP -> world relations 
NP -> mentioned libraries 
NP -> jean 
NP -> the creation and maintenance 
NP -> formal officials 
NP -> often in banking 
NP -> ayala family 
NP -> wednesday reporters 
NP -> assurance 
NP -> man escape 
NP -> a coalition 
NP -> health experts 
NP -> lavroff at oslo 
NP -> collaborations of expansion 
NP -> poland , italy and spain 
NP -> income 
NP -> the dissension of russia 
NP -> the moscow - tehran relations 
NP -> this great banquet 
NP -> most important export items 
NP -> the felony and crime 
NP -> the meeting of the industry house 
NP -> other effects 
NP -> only a physical presence 
NP -> this session 
NP -> any effect 
NP -> second gas reservoir of the world 
NP -> one case of sexual abuse 
NP -> protein 
NP -> iran 
NP -> the situation of students 
NP -> invalidity 
NP -> the strengthening of intraregional cooperation 
NP -> the american security 
NP -> the strengthening 
NP -> mirage 
NP -> the permission of hatef 
NP -> the looseness 
NP -> the revocation 
NP -> cultural relationships 
NP -> his presence 
NP -> production agents 
NP -> america ' s political system 
NP -> the tankers 
NP -> this goods 
NP -> this party in germany 's parliament 
NP -> the month ramadan 
NP -> this regard said 
NP -> city management experts ' view 
NP -> an interview 
NP -> domestic and foreign policy 
NP -> this twofold danger and limitation 
NP -> cause 
NP -> the field of foreign investment 
NP -> the context of life and instructions 
NP -> the army ' s law responsibilities 
NP -> europe , middle east issues 
NP -> firing bullets 
NP -> the interrogation session 
NP -> s report 
NP -> japan 's prime minister 
NP -> the asia times website 
NP -> maximum 
NP -> suburban heights 
NP -> the massacre 
NP -> a thick headline 
NP -> the hall 
NP -> the international peace conference 
NP -> their sinking 
NP -> the tourism sector with other countries 
NP -> the disciplinary forces ' confrontation 
NP -> turkish foreign ministry 
NP -> the hospitality 
NP -> koran experts publishers 
NP -> his excellency pourmohammadi 
NP -> his own 
NP -> the hygienic situation 
NP -> hundreds of friends 
NP -> headquarters 
NP -> sudan too 
NP -> estelahat fonun > 
NP -> physical features 
NP -> example the share 
NP -> economic prosperity 
NP -> several tendencies and inclinations 
NP -> the maronite christian 
NP -> the individuals 
NP -> ammar 's virtues ammar 
NP -> tens of other commentaries 
NP -> the councils of economic decision makers 
NP -> the supervisors of these two ministries 
NP -> malibu region 
NP -> liberalism 
NP -> the russian action 
NP -> tonight ' s talks 
NP -> house prices 
NP -> regular residuary 
NP -> arabia 
NP -> the paid loans 
NP -> economy in iran 
NP -> the same amount 
NP -> the hard passes 
NP -> the rest 
NP -> california and chairman 
NP -> sudan and present 
NP -> my brand new car 
NP -> the baghdad airport 
NP -> religious programs 
NP -> dick chaney and collin 
NP -> earth and wickedness 
NP -> divine truth 
NP -> international pressures 
NP -> the nation 
NP -> the defeat 
NP -> world games 
NP -> this dear 
NP -> the nasa news base 
NP -> the west ' 
NP -> the above statements 
NP -> seifi 
NP -> the report received 
NP -> the complicated security problems 
NP -> the ratified plan 
NP -> andhra pradesh province 
NP -> the head of taekwondo federation 
NP -> the foreign minister of malaysia 
NP -> conservative president 
NP -> their financial powers states 
NP -> this issue 
NP -> third period 
NP -> this theater 
NP -> seeb abandan joybar area 
NP -> the station 
NP -> the japanese 
NP -> ammar yaser 
NP -> the countries south of african sahara 
NP -> kargozaran party 
NP -> members of trade unions 
NP -> the selection 
NP -> realism and idealism in this era 
NP -> the bank 's internal affair 
NP -> media affairs of the president 
NP -> the disintegration 
NP -> special 
NP -> the u.s. national and territorial interests 
NP -> any moment 
NP -> his special attention 
NP -> firstly mahmoud moezipor 
NP -> money and other discovered items 
NP -> their facilities 
NP -> the big hotels 
NP -> the country of iran 
NP -> the milliyet newspaper 
NP -> a statue of courage 
NP -> boucher 
NP -> tavanir 's 
NP -> energy 
NP -> science and technology 
NP -> the most important reasons 
NP -> the first atomic power plant 
NP -> tavanir 
NP -> the current site 
NP -> his sides 
NP -> the very prayers 
NP -> silence regarding the oil market 
NP -> well 
NP -> any kind of known addictions 
NP -> television cameras 
NP -> mahmood shokri 
NP -> managements 
NP -> medical sciences of tehran 
NP -> n'ts 
NP -> afghanistan conditions 
NP -> the ratification 
NP -> the era of myths 
NP -> national park 
NP -> eyes and mouth 
NP -> the rights of nations 
NP -> the symptoms of cholera 
NP -> the most important duty of a 
NP -> these two groups 
NP -> economic growth of this country 
NP -> technology industries 
NP -> a candidate 
NP -> a magnificent and valuable tradition 
NP -> the country of iraq 
NP -> the blue wearers of the capital 
NP -> each individual 
NP -> a republic 
NP -> john 
NP -> the young coach of this team 
NP -> the iranian designs 
NP -> a representative 
NP -> a history of heart disease 
NP -> this advanced fighter 
NP -> sabeti 's 
NP -> its main essence 
NP -> this guys from that era 
NP -> the pen of stuart williams 
NP -> ears 
NP -> the future course of the country 
NP -> facets 
NP -> the military branch 
NP -> lutein 
NP -> the seats 
NP -> the week of naja 
NP -> the ritual 
NP -> shemal and seyedeh maryam vaez 
NP -> umat of islam 
NP -> the awareness 
NP -> parliament deputies 
NP -> its centrifuges 
NP -> a price shock 
NP -> the unemployment of youngsters 
NP -> niazov 
NP -> the security council '' 
NP -> wrong rendering of these attempts 
NP -> sided comb masculinity 
NP -> such destructive diversion 
NP -> the site of local wheat production 
NP -> security terms with russia 
NP -> the policy games of brown 
NP -> opec ' s decision 
NP -> the market and its preservation 
NP -> the attraction 
NP -> a branch 
NP -> a kind of convergence 
NP -> the prioritized sectors 
NP -> the perspective of human nature 
NP -> building offices 
NP -> his constituency 
NP -> this analyst 
NP -> the occurrence of such a condition 
NP -> success 
NP -> a very pleasant and evocative interpretation 
NP -> artistic power of its producers 
NP -> foreign agents 
NP -> global markets 
NP -> its opening 
NP -> the weakness 
NP -> the views of economic activists 
NP -> criminal investigation 
NP -> the votes 
NP -> the whole of students 
NP -> return of majid to isteqlal perhaps 
NP -> the strong existing will 
NP -> gheysar aminpour 
NP -> his country 's view 
NP -> the remaining time 
NP -> the framework of anti terrorism law 
NP -> crystal 
NP -> another report 
NP -> cancelled citizenship 
NP -> the remaining phases 
NP -> their territories 
NP -> the disciplinary forces 
NP -> the stability of national production 
NP -> the price in the oil market 
NP -> environmental problems 
NP -> their vehicles 
NP -> our party 
NP -> the head of judiciary branch 
NP -> the dollar and euro 
NP -> the institute 
NP -> the foreign minister of portugal 
NP -> these procedures 
NP -> someone else 
NP -> the reason of this fact 
NP -> devastation and destruction 
NP -> the blue wearers 
NP -> corruption 
NP -> economy and financial affairs 
NP -> his eminence ayatollah behjat 
NP -> this news in the gathering 
NP -> internal metabolism 
NP -> rich persian familiarize people 
NP -> the woman 
NP -> these two republics 
NP -> the base price of block trading 
NP -> neutral stances 
NP -> their efforts 
NP -> the then prime minister of israel 
NP -> the u.s. society 
NP -> many wars 
NP -> presence of a central 
NP -> academic courses 
NP -> registration 
NP -> the principal problem of these tribes 
NP -> chinese companies 
NP -> special working group 
NP -> its sovereignty tools 
NP -> kamal 
NP -> promotion and propagation 
NP -> general petraeus 
NP -> saee 
NP -> this nasa official 
NP -> experienced people 
NP -> occupying forces ' convoy 
NP -> the u.s. secretary of state sometime 
NP -> the edge of a cliff 
NP -> the starting point and destination 
NP -> international organization 
NP -> these signs 
NP -> american scientists 
NP -> democratic people 's 
NP -> parliament of representatives 
NP -> george 
NP -> the statement of danesh jaafari 
NP -> all prophets 
NP -> the sake 
NP -> the preliminary stages of the disease 
NP -> financial times 
NP -> the mission 
NP -> mouth 
NP -> the religious people against militaries 
NP -> the first clause 
NP -> the legal regime 
NP -> any benefit 
NP -> no school 
NP -> fields 
NP -> the whole society 
NP -> nawaz 
NP -> the managing director of justice stock 
NP -> some banks 
NP -> their requests 
NP -> the victims 
NP -> serious classification of people 
NP -> mischief 
NP -> various points 
NP -> cultural sanctums 
NP -> extensive reformation of the armed forces 
NP -> inappropriate glasses 
NP -> night 
NP -> the tomb of taj mahal 
NP -> the government management 
NP -> this talk 
NP -> these 
NP -> mosques 
NP -> actions 
NP -> kazakhs 
NP -> tombstones of parvar region of semnan 
NP -> the previous round of negotiations 
NP -> economic policy makings 
NP -> an instant effect 
NP -> racism and flagrant violation 
NP -> historical expertise 
NP -> the war more than others 
NP -> all the dorms and colleges 
NP -> the required opportunity 
NP -> heart disease 
NP -> the tomb of the king 
NP -> this line 
NP -> these elections 
NP -> different capacities of cooperation sector 
NP -> its name 
NP -> european union intensifying competition 
NP -> the war process 
NP -> the form of various ceremonies 
NP -> medical equipments 
NP -> central bank resources and their injecting 
NP -> realists 
NP -> the idiotic point 
NP -> high pressure and no pain 
NP -> negotiations 
NP -> researches 
NP -> poem < hidden pains > 
NP -> home loans 
NP -> two demonstrative plans 
NP -> the influential figures 
NP -> risky destinies 
NP -> the grieved emperor 
NP -> imam sajad 
NP -> problems for the consumers 
NP -> this hiking 
NP -> the government in will 
NP -> a reduction 
NP -> this amount 
NP -> this last martyr pazouki mahmoudvand 's 
NP -> the hope 
NP -> muslims 
NP -> arroyo 
NP -> military superiority 
NP -> a deteriorating dictatorship in pakistan 
NP -> the institution of islamic economy 
NP -> the german national team 
NP -> this desire 
NP -> yazdani khorram 
NP -> paradise 
NP -> his great and wonderful humility 
NP -> the military of this regime 
NP -> principals become institutionalized in society 
NP -> their evil worker 
NP -> a cake 
NP -> your shoes 
NP -> the sources 
NP -> many other countries 
NP -> a number of real estate agencies 
NP -> the presence of experts 
NP -> people 's migration 
NP -> the anti social security signs 
NP -> the honorable afghan 
NP -> makasseb 
NP -> the first and third weights 
NP -> mechanization 
NP -> his address barak 
NP -> some desire 
NP -> interest of tel aviv 
NP -> a complicated and sensitive process 
NP -> the backdrop 
NP -> abi hamzeh somali 
NP -> friday night 
NP -> hamberton storm 
NP -> the present problem 
NP -> our export mutation 
NP -> the two countries relations 
NP -> spirituality and resistance 
NP -> their special ceremonies 
NP -> ease 
NP -> the government 's support of exports 
NP -> respect to psychology and physically 
NP -> selling 
NP -> film 
NP -> the yellowness of autumn 
NP -> joint possession of the two countries 
NP -> koramshahr 
NP -> the french and the dutch 
NP -> our relations 
NP -> his satisfaction 
NP -> their lands and the water distribution 
NP -> mankind ' 
NP -> some civic issues 
NP -> international 
NP -> the fuller craftsmen in their 
NP -> iran and azizollah souri 
NP -> hujatol 
NP -> more forces 
NP -> abadan 
NP -> zamani 
NP -> hand woven carpet export 
NP -> abu news staff 
NP -> the lawful licenses 
NP -> the injury of three american soldiers 
NP -> the divided berlin 
NP -> different subjects 
NP -> hassan sobhani the representative of damghan 
NP -> the establishment of peace 
NP -> ranking officials 
NP -> their place of work in tehran 
NP -> the current week over this bill 
NP -> the speech 
NP -> the syrian president 
NP -> porofil , iron or steel bars 
NP -> much value 
NP -> the directive 
NP -> the characters 
NP -> valuable resources and reserves 
NP -> worries 
NP -> irankhodro 
NP -> achievement 
NP -> america ' s government 
NP -> the revoking 
NP -> the expanded scope 
NP -> this product 
NP -> this skin reaction 
NP -> their currency allowance 
NP -> this charge 
NP -> various reasons 
NP -> the us undersecretary 
NP -> the major pruderies 
NP -> iran and iravan company 
NP -> thirds 
NP -> provision 
NP -> goods in the national level 
NP -> the elections violence 
NP -> place year 
NP -> these lines 
NP -> implementation of national reconciliation plan 
NP -> one political movement 
NP -> this visit 
NP -> obstacles 
NP -> the oppressive powers 
NP -> interest toward natural sciences 
NP -> the second day 
NP -> a quarter half an hour 
NP -> the disagreement 
NP -> the numerous performances with popular singers 
NP -> olympic leon 
NP -> a historical moment 
NP -> government and congress 
NP -> glass making 
NP -> too much violence 
NP -> the ranks 
NP -> crab and other oceanic creatures 
NP -> the whole of the vegetable 
NP -> the statesmen ' 
NP -> its ships 
NP -> team 
NP -> the relation 
NP -> failure of iran ' s adults 
NP -> the influence of security officials 
NP -> test in different issues 
NP -> the people 's trust and belief 
NP -> this field 
NP -> the region and respect 
NP -> example huckleberry 
NP -> religious islamic thinking 
NP -> families 
NP -> local tribes 
NP -> dr. young 
NP -> women 's ping pong in hamedan 
NP -> world 
NP -> the retention 
NP -> their irrationality 
NP -> such a resolution 
NP -> iran and russia parade 
NP -> armenia monday night 
NP -> dimitri paskof 
NP -> the system of granting facilities 
NP -> density tolerance 
NP -> a tape of his conversations 
NP -> wars in iraq and afghanistan 
NP -> the rate of attracting rise 
NP -> the activity 
NP -> real and concrete information 
NP -> the eyes caused by old age 
NP -> your unlawful measures against iran 
NP -> the vulnerability 
NP -> less 
NP -> the zionist paper haaretz tuesday 
NP -> this exertion 
NP -> water security 
NP -> electronic receipt and payment 
NP -> the occupation of alghou heights 
NP -> political affairs 
NP -> the massive issues 
NP -> the opinions of other the household 
NP -> the rights of the natives 
NP -> the parity 
NP -> modern thinking 
NP -> nation 
NP -> his sim card gift 
NP -> witness such 
NP -> the garment 
NP -> a specified schedule 
NP -> all its skeletal characteristics 
NP -> mention 
NP -> energy sectors 
NP -> the withdrawal of military forces 
NP -> abas ' 
NP -> the study of these issues 
NP -> no position for itself 
NP -> the mayor 
NP -> america , australia , new zealand 
NP -> joseph 's 
NP -> extensive relations with the east countries 
NP -> indian economic issues 
NP -> poisonous materials consisting of radioactive 
NP -> this regrettable bereavement 
NP -> the exported gas price formula 
NP -> us and russia 
NP -> the end of the week 
NP -> saadabad 
NP -> a history 
NP -> water supply and water supply services 
NP -> one of the astronauts 
NP -> the constitution 
NP -> vietnam 
NP -> cancerous tumours 
NP -> the major reserves of this country 
NP -> an owner of a property 
NP -> kerwans oganians 
NP -> the existence 
NP -> the afternoon program 
NP -> ankara for discussions and debate 
NP -> the representative of unisef in iran 
NP -> recognition of all these changes 
NP -> ali sistani 
NP -> the prophet conduct 
NP -> haniyeh 
NP -> the chief supervisor 
NP -> commander mir ahmadi 
NP -> reporter 
NP -> year he 
NP -> the stock officials 
NP -> this continuity 
NP -> conversation 
NP -> thalamic patient 
NP -> someone who encroaches 
NP -> the production and consumption of cement 
NP -> exported gas 
NP -> these two names 
NP -> the ideas and thoughts 
NP -> salman farsi faithful 
NP -> this technology and atomic energy agency 
NP -> the unity of commands 
NP -> the public relation 
NP -> these ten days 
NP -> other religions 
NP -> the cabinet of the zionist regime 
NP -> this ground 
NP -> the u.s. secretary 
NP -> the peace conference america 
NP -> their activities 
NP -> some of them 
NP -> an iranian feeling 
NP -> beirut 
NP -> south east asia 
NP -> educational groups 
NP -> the president , today or tomorrow 
NP -> other governmental ministries 
NP -> three crimes drug retailing 
NP -> conscious or unconscious movements 
NP -> allahdad 
NP -> the experts of this office 
NP -> east 
NP -> shiism school 
NP -> all powers 
NP -> informal circles 
NP -> ballet 
NP -> the share 
NP -> all past years 
NP -> chinese companies in that country 
NP -> the procedure of relations 
NP -> this amendment 
NP -> the parliament of the islamic council 
NP -> artistic conduct 
NP -> the production and consumption 
NP -> seyed rasoul mousavi 
NP -> wiseman 
NP -> power of iran 
NP -> some countries 
NP -> the final agreement 
NP -> samajavadi party 
NP -> terms 
NP -> an interview with zbigniew brzezinski 
NP -> his trusted deputy 
NP -> foreign affaires 
NP -> the business atmosphere 
NP -> the oldest house 
NP -> words of his own 
NP -> the gifts of flowers 
NP -> tehran governor 
NP -> the memorandum 
NP -> the present reality 
NP -> the hamas movement 
NP -> the military level 
NP -> our opinions 
NP -> the jewish government 
NP -> the prosecutor 
NP -> the countries saudi arabia 
NP -> each team 
NP -> the cost of consumed electricity 
NP -> decreasing costs with the best quality 
NP -> a custom 
NP -> the issues and problems 
NP -> proliferation treaty of nuclear weapons 
NP -> $ year war 
NP -> the most important measures 
NP -> rasht ettelaat reporter 
NP -> the islamic scholars 
NP -> life bitter to themselves 
NP -> hour 
NP -> cash growth factors 
NP -> feelings 
NP -> this one signal 
NP -> the housing comprehensive plan 
NP -> dr mahmoud ahmadinejad 
NP -> high and valuable steps 
NP -> the future medical need 
NP -> positions hostile to iran ' 
NP -> the script 
NP -> amin jamil 
NP -> the loans 
NP -> the subsidy basket 
NP -> mohammad hossein safar harandi 
NP -> the western democracy unit 
NP -> a life 
NP -> the present situations 
NP -> fighting because of unemployment 
NP -> the khuzestan steel company 
NP -> there 
NP -> millions of protestors 
NP -> their home loan 
NP -> the first decades of this century 
NP -> an anti war exhibition 
NP -> the khorramshahr conquest 
NP -> terrorist activities 
NP -> the first international festival 
NP -> a disciple 
NP -> a private economy 
NP -> crab 
NP -> the responsible expert 
NP -> reasoning and rationality 
NP -> the deposition of violators 
NP -> a match 
NP -> chandra bubo 
NP -> the texture and form 
NP -> interest 
NP -> team in the previous years 
NP -> party forces 
NP -> various groups 
NP -> this mountain 
NP -> this union 
NP -> fetus 
NP -> the planning and guiding supervision vice 
NP -> such conditions 
NP -> topics 
NP -> the bilateral cooperation 
NP -> foods and drugs 
NP -> the tax income 
NP -> the sale 
NP -> the middle of walls 
NP -> the young boy 
NP -> lieutenant farzaneh 
NP -> its solidarity 
NP -> the nuclear policies 
NP -> earthquake and other natural disasters 
NP -> pk paramilitaries 
NP -> the congress with regards 
NP -> the same reason 
NP -> this idea of relocating 
NP -> the country ' s economy 
NP -> neither for his individuality 
NP -> london and warsaw 
NP -> irancell 's 
NP -> the persian gulf 
NP -> two working groups 
NP -> the ninth government 's 
NP -> deserts 
NP -> other experts 
NP -> this polymer 
NP -> borna 
NP -> this condition un ' 
NP -> human rights and refugees 
NP -> the instructors of qom 's howze 
NP -> special demands 
NP -> the deputy director 
NP -> talk 
NP -> a tragedy of the present era 
NP -> works 
NP -> the monetary and credit council 
NP -> a discussion 
NP -> the forgetting of their peers 
NP -> the need 
NP -> tavanir 's problems 
NP -> companionship and friendship and scientific 
NP -> various sanctions 
NP -> damascus 
NP -> the united nations ' statement 
NP -> the zionists 
NP -> some memories 
NP -> road conditions 
NP -> its capacities 
NP -> a meaningful relationship 
NP -> putin to iran 
NP -> the central intelligence organization of america 
NP -> the time of his first presence 
NP -> our own feet 
NP -> the house and the courtyard 
NP -> strong criticisms 
NP -> settlement 
NP -> strong sorrow 
NP -> the body clock 
NP -> result of this month 
NP -> the half 
NP -> the insurance cover 
NP -> paul volfovitz 
NP -> deeds 
NP -> the present information 
NP -> a suitable car move 
NP -> ph 
NP -> the popular interest 
NP -> the scientific domain in tehran dr. 
NP -> a benefit for countries and people 
NP -> form 
NP -> several entities 
NP -> an appropriate set 
NP -> a prominent georgian analyst 
NP -> general buyukanit in this regard 
NP -> the busses 
NP -> commander jaafari 
NP -> iranian youth 
NP -> poison in the sea 
NP -> turkey ' s military attack 
NP -> such a belief 
NP -> a big obstacle 
NP -> invalidity on some people 's statements 
NP -> the autonomous republic 
NP -> the reference 
NP -> fuel consumption 
NP -> certain amount 
NP -> territorial integrity , resources and income 
NP -> their misuse 
NP -> agriculture 's 
NP -> the private sector 's economic activists 
NP -> various fields 
NP -> the booth 
NP -> the phlegm 
NP -> macula cells 
NP -> the opposite wall 
NP -> all our possessions 
NP -> a very quiet market 
NP -> istanbul 
NP -> a piece of ice 
NP -> membership at the new generation cooperatives 
NP -> liabilities 
NP -> life and the instructions 
NP -> important meetings 
NP -> the democratic ones 
NP -> its best 
NP -> the departments 
NP -> a friendly way 
NP -> lack of exhibition space 
NP -> the literary songs 
NP -> zeros 
NP -> military conflict 
NP -> their brains 
NP -> extra ordinary sale 
NP -> the creatures 
NP -> the resignation 
NP -> iran and america 
NP -> difficult days 
NP -> the slopes of farmanieh 
NP -> the representative of uzbekistan 
NP -> mountains 
NP -> the left by the bus 
NP -> their members ' names 
NP -> two vehicles 
NP -> polish youth 
NP -> the side effects 
NP -> the question of a reporter 
NP -> the first technology 
NP -> the urban management 
NP -> office small volume 
NP -> enemy and friend 
NP -> all of his decisions 
NP -> the water distribution 
NP -> someone 
NP -> a chaotic atmosphere 
NP -> the same way 
NP -> the cooling of the body 
NP -> the president of the military commission 
NP -> iranian artists 
NP -> the region including saudi arabia 
NP -> muslims and the holy 
NP -> the central news unit 
NP -> written dictation 
NP -> the quasi state group 
NP -> the first two years 
NP -> government and ninth government support 
NP -> the reason of this accident 
NP -> the chancellor 
NP -> the spokesperson of putin about this 
NP -> the united nation ' 
NP -> the supervision centers 
NP -> vladimir putin in saad 
NP -> the things 
NP -> a tradition 
NP -> the people ' 
NP -> a notification to the banks 
NP -> the economic and population structures 
NP -> the rout and ministry of road 
NP -> the current affairs of customers 
NP -> a series of strokes 
NP -> basketball team 
NP -> third 
NP -> watery and diarrhea 
NP -> conservative president of america 
NP -> tonkaben 
NP -> the crescent moon 
NP -> the village 
NP -> the mostazafan foundation 
NP -> hatamikia 
NP -> russians 
NP -> the tablet of appreciation 
NP -> a separate thing 
NP -> jammu and kashmir 
NP -> these reports and logical 
NP -> dictatorial regime of mogabe 
NP -> an just peace with tel 
NP -> diseases in foreign countries 
NP -> our feet 
NP -> world bank resources 
NP -> these thousands 
NP -> the daughter of a libyan father 
NP -> saudi arabia for iranian hajjis 
NP -> the revolution 's 
NP -> the highest threat against itself 
NP -> operational cooperation 
NP -> the european painting 
NP -> great recourses 
NP -> the private sector 
NP -> the net 
NP -> the need of reflection and planning 
NP -> choice 
NP -> international attempts 
NP -> advancing movement 
NP -> this parliament representative 
NP -> the area of expertise 
NP -> a referendum 
NP -> the iranian women clothing 
NP -> a specified date 
NP -> commercial companies 
NP -> the enrichment consortium 
NP -> monetary unit 
NP -> these goals in this regard 
NP -> correction 
NP -> rizana nafeek 
NP -> the relation and interaction with iran 
NP -> the revolution 's values 
NP -> days 
NP -> less observance 
NP -> divine morals 
NP -> dollar ' 
NP -> the islamic banking for our addresses 
NP -> the number of hiv 
NP -> the atmospheric situation 
NP -> the involvement 
NP -> the dollar by the american government 
NP -> the threats 
NP -> ongoing developments 
NP -> your loss 
NP -> iran , final negotiations 
NP -> sports for government employees 
NP -> worry and regret 
NP -> the turkish part 
NP -> the zionist propagandists 
NP -> johnny cash 
NP -> its jurisdiction 
NP -> this guideline 
NP -> life ; that is 
NP -> economic agreements 
NP -> georgia ' s national flag 
NP -> rulers and sultans 
NP -> mardasi 
NP -> the stock market 
NP -> the same issue 
NP -> team 's function 
NP -> soccer and soccer 
NP -> the river 
NP -> the united progressive coalition government 
NP -> a neutral country such as switzerland 
NP -> triple provinces 
NP -> civil society 
NP -> the surface of the floor covering 
NP -> the qajar era 
NP -> the activities of women police 
NP -> examination and blindly 
NP -> the curtain 
NP -> the furenal procession 
NP -> leaving london 
NP -> their way 
NP -> the sweden embassy in tehran 
NP -> an entity spurt 
NP -> ruhit palace 
NP -> the generic name 
NP -> india and the world 
NP -> this unassuming and virtuous 
NP -> projects ' 
NP -> the u.s. policies 
NP -> the neo 
NP -> the global center 
NP -> my demised brother 's guide shirkhoda 
NP -> the material responsibilities of colonialism 
NP -> the only things 
NP -> the people america 
NP -> various professions 
NP -> complete defeat 
NP -> this recent copy 
NP -> suspicious cases 
NP -> their jobs 
NP -> many of these insects 
NP -> their former chief become restless 
NP -> the special lane 
NP -> all these issues 
NP -> exercise and match 
NP -> activity of these forces 
NP -> a trip 
NP -> courage 
NP -> iran , divine success , 
NP -> mystical aching 
NP -> the zionist forces 
NP -> the more society 
NP -> the high council for non 
NP -> worse results than oslo 
NP -> the iraqi military forces 
NP -> the medical research 
NP -> his continued presence 
NP -> the inactivity of the border market 
NP -> a tariff based system 
NP -> another meaning 
NP -> the traffic culture 
NP -> the fronts and the war 
NP -> his own words 
NP -> an abnormal gene carrier 
NP -> the indivisibility 
NP -> the absence of these credentials 
NP -> his years of premiership tony blair 
NP -> especially powers 
NP -> any infection 
NP -> almost everything 
NP -> my works 
NP -> the major responsibilities of the council 
NP -> incorrect information 
NP -> the lengthy 
NP -> operation of two 
NP -> this sentence 
NP -> a interest - free bank 
NP -> the prophets 
NP -> one hand 
NP -> industries 
NP -> a family 
NP -> the possibility of agreement 
NP -> the international point 
NP -> a specific supervisor 
NP -> this offer 
NP -> some neighbors 
NP -> this charter 
NP -> the foreign policy theoreticians 
NP -> the official responsibility 
NP -> dialect 
NP -> the people 's belief and trust 
NP -> the current political crisis 
NP -> three porticos 
NP -> dr. kaaveh 
NP -> the non - executive badavand 
NP -> the judiciary in these cases 
NP -> other effects on the soil 
NP -> fans who expect a dreamy isteqlal 
NP -> these than the previous administration 
NP -> the implementation 
NP -> him out of sympathy 
NP -> temptation and diversion 
NP -> ' 
NP -> energy in the world 
NP -> the needy 
NP -> a center 
NP -> racism and conspicuous violations 
NP -> close , extensive and firm relations 
NP -> doctor shokr 
NP -> this power 
NP -> front - runners 
NP -> no more energy 
NP -> the political report called '' 
NP -> the process of talks 
NP -> the site 's 
NP -> governmental bodies 
NP -> the shadow of america 's election 
NP -> ( 
NP -> us the followers of religions 
NP -> teams 
NP -> the lord along with knowledge 
NP -> sales services 
NP -> a first class team 
NP -> iraq in the year 
NP -> iran 's embassy 
NP -> the order of the brain 
NP -> abortion and the rights of homosexuals 
NP -> minoo tower 
NP -> the rights of minorities 
NP -> the speculations 
NP -> ) 
NP -> the international prices 
NP -> the guesthouse 
NP -> the inception 
NP -> years pre 
NP -> hosseinieh 
NP -> a camel 
NP -> several production and corporation plans 
NP -> the continuation of these ceremonies 
NP -> hans 
NP -> the significant points of this match 
NP -> the torchbearers 
NP -> a special intimacy 
NP -> the contemporary verse 
NP -> the costliness of petroleum 
NP -> power voting right 
NP -> dr. mohammad bagher 
NP -> international affairs 
NP -> radiological armaments 
NP -> his eminence zandoi 
NP -> debt interests 
NP -> bill 
NP -> kurdistan workers party ( p ... 
NP -> the final declaration 
NP -> the activities of iranian musicians 
NP -> the remaining simoom 
NP -> justification 
NP -> the obliteration of this mentality 
NP -> the behavior of the individuals society 
NP -> tv ( n 
NP -> a proper solution 
NP -> pieces 
NP -> iranian art and carpet 
NP -> a little 
NP -> inefficiency 
NP -> two sides and its accurate time 
NP -> imam hassan and imam hussein 
NP -> . 
NP -> indication 
NP -> due to this banks 
NP -> congenital 
NP -> the mountains of the west 
NP -> a person in kermanshah 
NP -> the greatest military power 
NP -> the uncompetitive economical atmosphere 
NP -> the surroundings 
NP -> - 
NP -> the price of iranian wheat exportation 
NP -> putin ' s speech 
NP -> basij '' continued 
NP -> mohammad albaradee 
NP -> muslim bosnians known as '' boshniacs 
NP -> the women 's religious schools 
NP -> iraq many of the u.s. 
NP -> cordial isteaza 
NP -> the equation 
NP -> his apprentices 
NP -> chinese authorities 
NP -> our news ( the scholars ) 
NP -> titles of investment 
NP -> ` s presence 
NP -> its antiquity 
NP -> the same framework 
NP -> a conspiracy 
NP -> virtueless rulers 
NP -> no negotiations 
NP -> other national players 
NP -> the function 
NP -> this explorer 
NP -> the most important issues 
NP -> the sensitivities of the fourth plan 
NP -> nabil aburdeneh 
NP -> the government of moscow 
NP -> all the city of tehran 
NP -> the government personnel 
NP -> continuous strikes 
NP -> the central committee 
NP -> many handicaps 
NP -> the new chairman 
NP -> only some 
NP -> an institution 
NP -> a serious threat 
NP -> propagating hatred and developing racism 
NP -> the '' acquainted doer 
NP -> cultural dialogues 
NP -> a new election law in lebanon 
NP -> most of them 
NP -> symphony suite rasoul 
NP -> iran and iravan company from armenia 
NP -> the dentistry equipments 
NP -> no conflict and opposition 
NP -> the nation of palestine 
NP -> tabriz pointing to congress of honoring 
NP -> an indefatigable 
NP -> meat 
NP -> the pivotal the investment market 
NP -> lack of skill 
NP -> deliberation and attention 
NP -> the militaries power 
NP -> the immune system 
NP -> the participants 
NP -> washington 's 
NP -> the insurance industry 
NP -> the weak of government one 
NP -> mac kurmec 
NP -> natural science 
NP -> a seven article instruction 
NP -> his documentary films 
NP -> more credit 
NP -> the secretary - general 
NP -> ozly 
NP -> hojatoleslam kowsari 
NP -> lawyers centers 
NP -> confusion 
NP -> kushner visit of iraq 
NP -> any terrorist 
NP -> the waiting 
NP -> both countries emphasis 
NP -> the balkans area 
NP -> safar harandi 
NP -> one couplet 
NP -> the youths 
NP -> some university personalities of this country 
NP -> the people themselves 
NP -> increasingly the extension 
NP -> the natives of the country 
NP -> new information 
NP -> iran in self 
NP -> aggression against the iraqi nation 
NP -> the threshold of talks in tehran 
NP -> an explanation of the steps 
NP -> a disabled person with damaged spine 
NP -> the duties of the agency 
NP -> the traffic load 
NP -> iran and commerce organizations 
NP -> each liter 
NP -> the negotiations between various parties 
NP -> the central government 
NP -> the bus 
NP -> america 
NP -> his accusation 
NP -> another thing from which one 
NP -> many authorities of the western countries 
NP -> a layered bolder 
NP -> this part of the world 
NP -> islamic republic ' s holy land 
NP -> the actions 
NP -> the economic prosperity and employment 
NP -> his work 
NP -> students ' transfer and relocation 
NP -> the joint staff 
NP -> the countries that abstained 
NP -> these armed individuals 
NP -> the leadership ' s mouth 
NP -> this desert 
NP -> the anti americanism 
NP -> the sense 
NP -> a clear opposition 
NP -> mahmoud moezipor 
NP -> the outstanding manifestations and brilliance 
NP -> mohammad and jasmine lives 
NP -> this agency ' s regulations 
NP -> the financial system 
NP -> the best days of my captivity 
NP -> azadi square 
NP -> a good status 
NP -> both parties 
NP -> its cultural identity and power 
NP -> a fair comprehensive and stable solution 
NP -> shahe jahan 
NP -> spinal damage 
NP -> a report by the al 
NP -> military against '' p 
NP -> chemical fertilizer 
NP -> the american presence 
NP -> the program which mr. khosrow motazed 
NP -> the caspian sea ' 
NP -> farsi literature 
NP -> the foreign ministers 
NP -> mr volfovits 
NP -> israeli policy 
NP -> tradings 
NP -> aqsa martyr ' s brigades 
NP -> demand in the local market 
NP -> pk insurgents 
NP -> kord 
NP -> pezhvian 
NP -> the secrets 
NP -> two limits and boundaries 
NP -> the whirlpool 
NP -> the new conservatives 
NP -> the support of industrial housing production 
NP -> the guideline 
NP -> the successes 
NP -> some information 
NP -> the european continent 
NP -> three arab countries 
NP -> the new presidency 
NP -> the united nations officials 
NP -> international iranian schools 
NP -> secondary schools in the region 
NP -> the price of oil 
NP -> the ability 
NP -> a conditional ceasefire 
NP -> $ year and even the famous 
NP -> the red crescent society 
NP -> england 
NP -> o ali 
NP -> the break 
NP -> factories for wheat 
NP -> < 
NP -> the recent developments 
NP -> eyes and ears 
NP -> this exemplary reality 
NP -> the farmers 
NP -> the certainty of other policies 
NP -> the 's sport salon 
NP -> these variables 
NP -> his medicinal treatment 
NP -> an unreturnable route 
NP -> senior directors 
NP -> bayatiniya , borhani , 
NP -> the elimination 
NP -> realism and idealism 
NP -> a one rate foreign exchange system 
NP -> the producers of petroleum 
NP -> great accomplishments 
NP -> the iranian society 
NP -> repatriation 
NP -> the purposes and worries of iran 
NP -> such opportunities and possibilities 
NP -> the roads 
NP -> salah al 
NP -> behbodi avenue 
NP -> the analysis 
NP -> different times 
NP -> the boom 
NP -> an design and efficiency 
NP -> all these changes 
NP -> achieving 
NP -> mehran terminal 
NP -> almost eight years 
NP -> the general commander 
NP -> attackers 
NP -> cocaine 
NP -> the economic course 
NP -> some degree 
NP -> ulcer 
NP -> alexander soltaov convoy 
NP -> four locations 
NP -> the magnificence and authority 
NP -> denmark 's 
NP -> the gas of kazakhstan 
NP -> all people 
NP -> the sites 
NP -> sports olympiads 
NP -> behalf 
NP -> the bushehr nuclear power plant 
NP -> khordad 
NP -> another era 
NP -> the viewpoint 
NP -> thursday afternoon 
NP -> the importance 
NP -> the order for lasting products 
NP -> mechanical shovels 
NP -> the meaning of these terms 
NP -> minister of islamic culture and guidance 
NP -> our country ' 
NP -> a bit 
NP -> arabic countries 
NP -> coalition forces in this country 
NP -> bond seliga 
NP -> the crystal agency 
NP -> modernization 
NP -> abarkuh 
NP -> esteghamati 
NP -> the proposition 
NP -> this biennial 
NP -> the central government of iraq 
NP -> the correspondent of irna on tuesday 
NP -> iran ' s irresponsible behavior 
NP -> cultivation standards 
NP -> help and assistance 
NP -> the confrontation 
NP -> the neighboring countries 
NP -> this model 
NP -> edalatkhah 
NP -> the working procedure and decision making 
NP -> quasi state 
NP -> holly defense in continuation 
NP -> their concerns 
NP -> medals 
NP -> the short and the lengthy 
NP -> > 
NP -> the foreign trade deputy 
NP -> time circumstances 
NP -> an insurance card 
NP -> egypt mahmoud abbas 
NP -> the false information 
NP -> iran 's past and present transparent 
NP -> his collection 
NP -> year nestor kirchner 
NP -> all the players and technical cadre 
NP -> its four southern provinces 
NP -> the parties present 
NP -> body 's 
NP -> a parliamentary joint committee 
NP -> another card 
NP -> the transformation 
NP -> no id 
NP -> sudan peace negotiations 
NP -> international principles and laws 
NP -> a hope 
NP -> their financial behavior 
NP -> bureaucracy 
NP -> putin in tehran 
NP -> honor diploma 
NP -> dispute 
NP -> leakage 
NP -> types a and b 
NP -> the kernel 
NP -> the identification in one 
NP -> demands 
NP -> the bread 
NP -> meshkin shahr 
NP -> petals 
NP -> automobile manufacturers 
NP -> the scientific board 
NP -> the pharaoh and live burial 
NP -> gharghaab 
NP -> many former authorities 
NP -> business and investor families 
NP -> the two countries of russia 
NP -> isna news agency 
NP -> holding 
NP -> your inappropriate behavior 
NP -> the sacrifices 
NP -> the international system 
NP -> its own affairs 
NP -> international changes 
NP -> the bottlenecks 
NP -> low enrichment level 
NP -> the russian daily '' izvestia 
NP -> mohammad albaradei 
NP -> the islamic resistance political office 
NP -> the presidency period 
NP -> dr. farhadi 
NP -> milad sadat 
NP -> a modern situation a different order 
NP -> one other customers 
NP -> the attendants ' sorrow and grief 
NP -> suffering and victimized people apparent hero 
NP -> its celestial presentation 
NP -> these movies 
NP -> the first day of this conference 
NP -> the development of hard ware section 
NP -> the supreme leader 's representative 
NP -> central asian and the caucasus republics 
NP -> the intelligence services 
NP -> right hezbollah 's demand 
NP -> the entrance of mohammad al 
NP -> lebanon of hallucination 
NP -> places 
NP -> stomach and intestine 
NP -> only a name 
NP -> the victory 
NP -> a new record 
NP -> traders and marketers 
NP -> the ambassadors of islamic countries 
NP -> one year visa 
NP -> the big merchants and traders 
NP -> any kind 
NP -> the first phase 
NP -> the mountains 
NP -> a low quantity and limited numbers 
NP -> the greatest accomplishment this divine banquet 
NP -> my players 
NP -> one form 
NP -> health and medical education 
NP -> syria to turkey 
NP -> a major rival of that country 
NP -> grand temple 
NP -> such government 
NP -> the prose 
NP -> the suspected belligerent 
NP -> the claims of mohammad albaradei 
NP -> the connection 
NP -> different societies 
NP -> the ministry of housing and urbanization 
NP -> new conditions 
NP -> the structures 
NP -> other the household 
NP -> alberta 
NP -> the vicinity of portland america 
NP -> related organizations 
NP -> a certificate 
NP -> human resources vice presidency 
NP -> the reactor 
NP -> some of the analysts 
NP -> the shares 
NP -> this declaration 
NP -> the russian federation president vladimir putin 
NP -> iran and iraq 
NP -> offering share of these companies 
NP -> the islamic culture and guidance ministry 
NP -> relation to the religious values 
NP -> applicants 
NP -> physical education organization 
NP -> cyprus with the exception of turkey 
NP -> previous years 
NP -> most laws 
NP -> mirabian and fayaz mirabian 
NP -> tolerance withdrawal and confusion 
NP -> california 
NP -> qods with the racist policy 
NP -> the stock 
NP -> the conducting 
NP -> force as illegitimate 
NP -> their production ability 
NP -> the reason and method 
NP -> international stock markets 
NP -> muhammad nabi rahmati 
NP -> the policies of arab countries 
NP -> automobiles in iran 
NP -> presence of the technical cadre 
NP -> the residents of this burg 
NP -> this pattern 
NP -> some fatah leaders 
NP -> the japanese government 
NP -> famous iranian musicians 
NP -> some wrongdoing 
NP -> fatah 
NP -> ministry 
NP -> each language 
NP -> the first country 
NP -> one manufacturer 
NP -> abradeee in the continuation 
NP -> the international environment 
NP -> the masnavi 
NP -> this technology 
NP -> seyyed mohammad gharavi 
NP -> a diplomatic 
NP -> the asian 
NP -> the late god taleghani 
NP -> justice 
NP -> eight years 
NP -> the recent privatization order 
NP -> several silos 
NP -> the needs 
NP -> its need of securing energy 
NP -> only unsuccessful couples 
NP -> ability 
NP -> the statute of islamic republic 
NP -> china and the communist party 
NP -> transfer 
NP -> higher and better quality 
NP -> busses 
NP -> alexander pekaev 
NP -> their consumption 
NP -> the oceans 
NP -> the measures 
NP -> the nuclear issue of our country 
NP -> the result of the tests 
NP -> the leaders of this union 
NP -> islam karimov 's two 
NP -> another question 
NP -> all economic activists and the sides 
NP -> the heart and exterminates concupiscence 
NP -> important axes 
NP -> the subjects 
NP -> the same ruling order and discipline 
NP -> conversation with mehr 
NP -> the doroodzan dam lake 
NP -> karimov president 
NP -> ahmadi moghadam 
NP -> outcomes much more dangerous 
NP -> the subway , railway , 
NP -> all iranian cities 
NP -> various suggestions 
NP -> favor of india 
NP -> the matches 
NP -> the second category 
NP -> the holiest place 
NP -> the oil incomes 
NP -> the problem of housing 
NP -> current impasse 
NP -> james foley 
NP -> the director 
NP -> unions of fishermen and shilat graduates 
NP -> spiritual alacrity and readiness 
NP -> this repentance and intercession 
NP -> opinion of onakitan and it 
NP -> his meeting at gaza 
NP -> the urban administration 
NP -> the agriculture 
NP -> a resident 
NP -> national democracy endowment '' website 
NP -> this gang from two years ago 
NP -> a kind of right 
NP -> the russian foreign ministry 
NP -> the rural families 
NP -> dayi 
NP -> the crisis of authorities 
NP -> fruits and vegetables 
NP -> its 
NP -> our judgment 
NP -> possible damages 
NP -> mortaza 
NP -> coarse carpet 
NP -> offering meat 
NP -> the situation 
NP -> a staunch supporter of realism 
NP -> every corner 
NP -> unreliable and insufficient irrigation services 
NP -> this organization 's control plan 
NP -> general memarzadeh 
NP -> an opportunity 
NP -> encouragement 
NP -> the power plant 
NP -> the officials of two countries 
NP -> heart imagination 
NP -> guides and developers 
NP -> the pipeline 
NP -> the player over the coach 
NP -> the july sandstorm in mars 
NP -> his sudden death 
NP -> enemy ' s psychological operations 
NP -> its production and presentation 
NP -> its internal market 
NP -> the history of the middle 
NP -> one of my acquaintances 
NP -> continuation of holy quds 
NP -> liquid gas imports 
NP -> wide range monkey business 
NP -> a point 
NP -> the united states ' policies 
NP -> acceptable expansion 
NP -> its flourishing due to massacre 
NP -> lethal strikes 
NP -> the same place 
NP -> the helm of this complicated ship 
NP -> the last painting biennial 
NP -> ties 
NP -> paper books 
NP -> the produce of hamadan province 
NP -> the government officials of this country 
NP -> the appointment of the ambassadors 
NP -> talks on iran 's gas exports 
NP -> the government budget 
NP -> these subjects 
NP -> urbanity and urbanization 
NP -> the world class 
NP -> a suitable method 
NP -> the liking 
NP -> the nuclear program 
NP -> year 
NP -> these reforms 
NP -> the winning 
NP -> the tourist city 
NP -> inappropriate of the sales agent added 
NP -> the most stubborn political extremists 
NP -> all spots 
NP -> the pegout of the president 
NP -> the new theory 
NP -> broking activities 
NP -> this pipeline 
NP -> the condolence message 
NP -> a higher competition 
NP -> westerners constrains and restrictions 
NP -> the many capacities of these formations 
NP -> teenagers 
NP -> immunity 
NP -> the intention of raising caviar fish 
NP -> toyota 
NP -> new york '' new york times 
NP -> table 
NP -> the head of expediency discernment council 
NP -> the office of masoud 
NP -> conflict backgrounds and cultural dispute 
NP -> the mortars 
NP -> their previous demand of central bank 
NP -> the base volume 
NP -> investment inside the country 
NP -> a real and credible picture 
NP -> important issues with baghdad 
NP -> its warships 
NP -> the trafficking 
NP -> the structure of the banking system 
NP -> unimpeachable benefits 
NP -> their nuclear programs 
NP -> numbers refugees 
NP -> desperate warnings 
NP -> the women 's 
NP -> the future scientists 
NP -> the disabled individuals with spinal damage 
NP -> the unaccountability of their health system 
NP -> the persian gulf littoral countries 
NP -> national unity 
NP -> the contract in bulgarian writing 
NP -> sanctions 
NP -> ferdosy 's name 
NP -> the responsibility of hu jingtao 
NP -> heaven garden 
NP -> the third resolution 
NP -> the progress 
NP -> the relationship between spouses 
NP -> difficulty 
NP -> a principal base 
NP -> the moslems 
NP -> messages 
NP -> this main media 
NP -> practically the leaders 
NP -> lack of identity 
NP -> karachi port 
NP -> a relative immunity for this country 
NP -> the reason for this 
NP -> criminal issues 
NP -> cultural and psychological fronts 
NP -> rural offices and public phone booths 
NP -> the director of the central bank 
NP -> other civilizations 
NP -> primitive painting 
NP -> the strength and capability 
NP -> negative consequences 
NP -> imam zaman ( aj ) 
NP -> the descent of streams 
NP -> a camera 
NP -> the sensitive and intricate problem 
NP -> an embankment 
NP -> no matter where man goes only 
NP -> bushehr nuclear power plant 
NP -> methods 
NP -> zionism and israel 
NP -> favorable climate and the agricultural irrigation 
NP -> cultural disagreement and dispute 
NP -> iran 's exports talks 
NP -> grapes 
NP -> a tape 
NP -> the america 's policies 
NP -> the people 's needs 
NP -> khaled 
NP -> my view 
NP -> atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) 
NP -> the most important events 
NP -> one liter of gas per day 
NP -> cancer properties 
NP -> neither 
NP -> political and psychological operations 
NP -> the indian delegation 
NP -> local smuggled goods 
NP -> the iranian ambassador 's 
NP -> any proposal 
NP -> the order of verses 
NP -> indigent people in order 
NP -> b 
NP -> paradigm affiliation 
NP -> his report 
NP -> a more limited number of people 
NP -> competitions 
NP -> a special usage 
NP -> this religious theory 
NP -> transportation , chambers of commerce 
NP -> the second of mehr 
NP -> confidence 
NP -> the iraqi kurdistan region 
NP -> a social problem 
NP -> the necessary preparedness 
NP -> ahmad abolgayt 
NP -> responsibility for security in basra province 
NP -> the machination 
NP -> the smuggling of narcotics 
NP -> this factor 
NP -> byren of munich 
NP -> considerations of bush and blair 
NP -> regional government iraq 
NP -> the iranian islamic republic regime 
NP -> sacred 
NP -> the current economic gap 
NP -> other new methods 
NP -> culture and science 
NP -> shemabadi 
NP -> ismael koushan 
NP -> price and quality 
NP -> . cn spcial 
NP -> other match of today 
NP -> the second characteristic of the internet 
NP -> reliable sources 
NP -> this festival 
NP -> the foreigners in order 
NP -> indecent and regard use 
NP -> agriculture and animal 
NP -> the achievements 
NP -> allied progressive national coalition 
NP -> the name of a site 
NP -> their national institutions 
NP -> predictions regarding unemployment 
NP -> sabeti 's telephone 
NP -> the strategic region 
NP -> great wayfarers some 
NP -> the stalwarts of love and mysticism 
NP -> it gharz 
NP -> the sight 
NP -> the chairmanship of the government 
NP -> expert 
NP -> hopko company 
NP -> the next two weeks 
NP -> necessity 
NP -> members ' sovereignty 
NP -> the chief of atomic agency 
NP -> israel 's 
NP -> such extent 
NP -> just the cordial phase 
NP -> robberies with assault 
NP -> the driving police 
NP -> the service 
NP -> the budget deficit and the government 
NP -> abradeee 
NP -> establishment of security 
NP -> a great swamp 
NP -> this cold war 
NP -> the whole agreement duration 
NP -> the city of '' samaray russia 
NP -> h 
NP -> the associated press news agency 
NP -> years and centuries 
NP -> a calligrapher 
NP -> the discussion nuclear contract 
NP -> metals 
NP -> their scholars 
NP -> arab sunnies 
NP -> any director 
NP -> the inability 
NP -> only one sequence 
NP -> i 
NP -> more than eight million dollars 
NP -> the military threat 
NP -> revolutionary muslim forces 
NP -> shaha reza 
NP -> this loan 
NP -> their priority 
NP -> the same first day 
NP -> the republic of egypt mahmoud abbas 
NP -> the driver 
NP -> the frontiers 
NP -> holy quds 
NP -> j 
NP -> iranian negotiators 
NP -> any event in this article 
NP -> pirouz kalantari and honor plaque 
NP -> moohammad ali ayazi '' 
NP -> any kind of convergence and military 
NP -> a foreign military threat 
NP -> illegitimate , dr. ahmadinejad 
NP -> gul 
NP -> the magnitude 
NP -> representatives 
NP -> people in turkey 
NP -> jurisprudent guardian of yazd province 
NP -> akbar zare bidaki 
NP -> c 
NP -> the destination 
NP -> casualties 
NP -> some sunni followers also the night 
NP -> the third continuous day 
NP -> the satisfactory maturity and sophistication 
NP -> the young phenomenon of barcelona 
NP -> the other attractive booths 
NP -> the transit road 
NP -> a very important role 
NP -> d 
NP -> a reservoir 
NP -> a special manner 
NP -> iranian authentic music 
NP -> the official anthems 
NP -> football federation , we 
NP -> the physical education office 
NP -> something else 
NP -> the attempts 
NP -> a limited and largely irrelevant mission 
NP -> their share 
NP -> the main purpose 
NP -> a prominent american intellectual and lecturer 
NP -> the method of ayatolla taaleghani 
NP -> its fuel card 
NP -> the army of this country 
NP -> army guards of islamic revolution 
NP -> appreciation 
NP -> derivatives as well costs of production 
NP -> this wrong way 
NP -> most stores of iranian handicraft organizations 
NP -> perspectives 
NP -> the others ` pocket 
NP -> routine and parallel 
NP -> a feeling 
NP -> the commemorating ceremonies 
NP -> side israeli and palestinian governments 
NP -> f 
NP -> a mound 
NP -> our nation 's 
NP -> no special equipment 
NP -> schools throughout the country 
NP -> the prosperity 
NP -> $ year and the governor 
NP -> the youth in our country 
NP -> hossein ali poor madani 
NP -> another case 
NP -> labor and social affairs forutan 
NP -> identity and being and nature 
NP -> such drawings 
NP -> sha ' 
NP -> very important constituent 
NP -> p 
NP -> army of this country 
NP -> omission 
NP -> kurdistan of iraq 
NP -> the compromise conference 
NP -> large and comfortable appliances 
NP -> strategic products 
NP -> trade 
NP -> the details 
NP -> the judiciary branch 
NP -> water and sewage 
NP -> the first half in some minutes 
NP -> abdoljabaar kaka ' 
NP -> scholars 
NP -> o 
NP -> economic brains 
NP -> another showing 
NP -> the u.s. presidents 
NP -> the new occupiers of palestine 
NP -> an interview with mehr news agency 
NP -> pakistan 's representatives 
NP -> s 
NP -> two years before death adu ja'affar 
NP -> proprietary amenities 
NP -> the nineteenth 
NP -> repair of this pipeline 
NP -> professional decorators 
NP -> the islamic republic system 
NP -> southern khorasan 
NP -> installments 
NP -> women the focus 
NP -> azan everyone 
NP -> machinations and temptations 
NP -> sheikh adil almoavedeh 
NP -> the international laws and conventions 
NP -> r 
NP -> the exact date 
NP -> the iranian hand woven carpet 
NP -> a high number of the eligible 
NP -> the general assembly meeting 
NP -> foreign service 
NP -> this amount of electricity 
NP -> an investigation regarding the assassination 
NP -> the law 
NP -> nuclear energy 
NP -> iran meanwhile iran 
NP -> the season of his birthday 
NP -> financial and commercial corporations 
NP -> all concerned parties , 
NP -> the foreign affairs fraction 
NP -> this draft 
NP -> the major 's 
NP -> trench 
NP -> drugs 
NP -> inconsideration 
NP -> thomas 
NP -> the magnetic cooling system 
NP -> consumption 
NP -> this great commander 
NP -> homeopathy 
NP -> the volfovitz 
NP -> political , social and security threats 
NP -> his peronist opponent 
NP -> assigning 
NP -> schroeder and president jacques 
NP -> cancer treatment 
NP -> mahmoud moezipour 
NP -> bloomberg news agency reporting this 
NP -> almost all 
NP -> k 
NP -> rural housing 
NP -> their forbidden domains 
NP -> three decades 
NP -> the duties of all systems 
NP -> consumption pattern 
NP -> congratulations 
NP -> the current budget of the country 
NP -> nato russia council 
NP -> every conference 
NP -> the middle east 
NP -> buying and selling 
NP -> civic councils and congress 
NP -> the acceptance of permission 
NP -> n 
NP -> challenges and opportunities facing this bill 
NP -> presidents 
NP -> malthus 
NP -> all of these cases 
NP -> the number of drugs 
NP -> human rights and cultural variety meeting 
NP -> the interior affairs of country 
NP -> m 
NP -> handcuffed people 
NP -> karaj and shahriar 
NP -> effective 
NP -> the religious scholars in the society 
NP -> the superpowers ( who the price 
NP -> an appropriate situation 
NP -> national reconciliation plan 
NP -> oh merciful oh 
NP -> the dominant cultures 
NP -> a gap 
NP -> dialogue and negotiation 
NP -> every corner of this garden 
NP -> palestine and israel 
NP -> power in administrative issues 
NP -> hazards 
NP -> the night 
NP -> general television 
NP -> engorgement 
NP -> the income from sale of oil 
NP -> their security 
NP -> shahrekord 
NP -> the extirpation 
NP -> a lot of disorders 
NP -> prophet 's house 
NP -> different conflicts 
NP -> the figure 
NP -> namely the monetary 
NP -> decreasing 
NP -> new requirements 
NP -> any individual 
NP -> the new modality 
NP -> their athletic program 
NP -> the managers ' specialization 
NP -> the distribution of european parliament seats 
NP -> the opposition of russia 
NP -> iran intolerant of any inclination 
NP -> this one 
NP -> stature 
NP -> the recent remarks 
NP -> variables of market value 
NP -> each other 's 
NP -> world war ii 
NP -> lunch table 
NP -> literary associations 
NP -> his relation 
NP -> this huge complex 
NP -> turkey 's 
NP -> other acts 
NP -> the iranian nation regret 
NP -> the exports of iran 
NP -> some copies of it 
NP -> output small institutions and cooperative funds 
NP -> reza moadab > 
NP -> its discussion 
NP -> secretary 
NP -> african sahara 
NP -> the deputy 
NP -> the field for his presence 
NP -> the decade of seventy 
NP -> your measures 
NP -> the globalization 
NP -> plutonium in england 
NP -> the peace 
NP -> pharaoh 
NP -> several irrigation projects 
NP -> this commander 
NP -> pure warrior scholar 
NP -> the process of bank work 
NP -> congress of honoring 
NP -> witness 
NP -> u 
NP -> doesn ' 
NP -> his trip 
NP -> aroused envy 
NP -> o . k 
NP -> the nuclear issues 
NP -> their resistance and patience 
NP -> the iranians 
NP -> the central headquarters 
NP -> the suppliants 
NP -> the eminent god 
NP -> a new 
NP -> few months 
NP -> a remote control one person 
NP -> t 
NP -> the peacekeeping forces 
NP -> the under - growth of rice 
NP -> this building 
NP -> world trade organization 
NP -> armed forces headquarters 
NP -> the republic 
NP -> ali larijani 
NP -> the creation of subjects within subjects 
NP -> the continuation of this situation 
NP -> an increase in this amount 
NP -> his hidden and obvious threats 
NP -> the kind of service 
NP -> zolnoon 
NP -> turkey ' s struggle 
NP -> this delegation '' abdo alqader 
NP -> kimiayi 
NP -> a bombing incident and this 
NP -> nuclear issues 
NP -> cement cottages and a large lot 
NP -> the content 
NP -> the estimates 
NP -> sohrab sepehri 
NP -> one year service 
NP -> the union countries 
NP -> the battlefronts 
NP -> activities of the country 
NP -> the dispute 
NP -> the name of iran 
NP -> the technical cadre 
NP -> my discussion 
NP -> monorail wagons 
NP -> the economic history 
NP -> london 
NP -> strategic management 
NP -> detoxification 
NP -> comparison representation in townships 
NP -> each of these factors 
NP -> the materials 
NP -> parent teacher association 
NP -> this god almighty 
NP -> the border of afghanistan 
NP -> increasing share 
NP -> hoveyzeh etelaat reporter 
NP -> different ways 
NP -> strange cloths 
NP -> different groups 
NP -> their nation 
NP -> the trade development organization 
NP -> the first deputy of the presidency 
NP -> the routes of the busses 
NP -> its two military captives 
NP -> oil price 
NP -> the petroleum price 
NP -> modern technology to china america 
NP -> human development 
NP -> earth water resources 
NP -> our young children 
NP -> bank sepah 
NP -> the political space 
NP -> the play ballet 
NP -> some of these cooperative 
NP -> the usual methods 
NP -> any soft accepted poetic deviation 
NP -> wage , retirement and death 
NP -> duty bond 
NP -> order mashad 
NP -> the united nation 
NP -> maleki 's 
NP -> his clan 's 
NP -> similarity of styles 
NP -> the leader of sama javadi 
NP -> north khorasan 
NP -> the more delay 
NP -> these grim 
NP -> massive attacks 
NP -> the eyes 
NP -> quran at nights and midnights 
NP -> dr. tahmasebi 's residence 
NP -> importation 
NP -> different nations 
NP -> molayem 
NP -> the voters 
NP -> different countries of the world 
NP -> the existence of elections 
NP -> world bank in year 
NP -> two old and big organizations 
NP -> the leader of the islamic 
NP -> the united nations mission 
NP -> the design 
NP -> the secretary 
NP -> foreign ministry 
NP -> the change of monetary unit 
NP -> an open cloth nappy 
NP -> the sixteenth century 
NP -> the health of spirit and psyche 
NP -> a successful 
NP -> this branch 
NP -> many centuries of philosophy 
NP -> the persian literature 
NP -> domestic policy designed by government 
NP -> the field of nuclear knowledge 
NP -> their defeat in iraq 
NP -> the member countries and native people 
NP -> the unemployment 
NP -> a meeting with bashar 
NP -> the border this year 
NP -> three days 
NP -> security and military 
NP -> the action 
NP -> the first chapter 
NP -> new against iran 
NP -> suitable price and opportunity 
NP -> the news of it 
NP -> the purpose 
NP -> this rotation 
NP -> the new franc 
NP -> farhad tohidi 
NP -> parsabad cost three billion rials 
NP -> momenin ( ) mosque 
NP -> reuters 's correspondent 
NP -> the person 
NP -> a significant progress 
NP -> international nuclear agency inspectors 
NP -> the previous night and head 
NP -> specific mindsets 
NP -> the al - aqsa mosque 
NP -> another dossier 
NP -> the protection of the financial order 
NP -> etc 
NP -> a cultural burden 
NP -> this regard can be determining 
NP -> the wrong way 
NP -> this short talk 
NP -> the counselors japan 's self 
NP -> ramsar 
NP -> last year 
NP -> the province of jahrom 
NP -> some people propensity 
NP -> the israeli goods 
NP -> a cellmate 
NP -> the beginning of the islamic revolution 
NP -> pesticide use 
NP -> every region and stratum 
NP -> the branches 
NP -> crime and felony and murder 
NP -> the result hearing deficiency 
NP -> these patients 
NP -> will of trust 
NP -> the mentioned council 
NP -> the incidents 
NP -> france and poland 
NP -> rising record 
NP -> the pressure of other countries 
NP -> the major axis 
NP -> the chancellor of germany 
NP -> the standard of monotheism and worship 
NP -> a good condition 
NP -> oil exports 
NP -> no changes 
NP -> space 
NP -> the crowd 
NP -> this camp from iran 
NP -> alireza heidari 
NP -> supervision 
NP -> the persian literature always 
NP -> say 
NP -> this famous indian article writer 
NP -> meat afflicted with jaundice 
NP -> human rights 
NP -> frothy water 
NP -> the maid 's 
NP -> the file moral among american politicians 
NP -> the current bank 
NP -> karsaz street 
NP -> alghou heights 
NP -> the war imposed on iran iraq 
NP -> first players ' 
NP -> social life 
NP -> three categories 
NP -> ghandhari the executor of this 
NP -> the location of airport 
NP -> their negligence 
NP -> this strike in france 
NP -> practical applications 
NP -> hamas in a statement 
NP -> regional and international developments 
NP -> the demolished high voltage network 
NP -> love of homeland 
NP -> this nation in concert 
NP -> the un 
NP -> a simple appearance 
NP -> the summer of next year 
NP -> iranian wheat 
NP -> the attorney general 
NP -> germany 's parliament 
NP -> no opportunity 
NP -> the economic growth in us 
NP -> students in a specialized form 
NP -> imam hussein 
NP -> force the 
NP -> a cruel and inhuman measure 
NP -> the digestive system 
NP -> hemorrhoid tissue 
NP -> silently and patience and tolerance 
NP -> the us 
NP -> the court of ghaznavi rulers 
NP -> crocker 
NP -> the independent recital 
NP -> the expansion and organization 
NP -> the new bill 
NP -> the players 
NP -> the military warning 
NP -> the pen 
NP -> peace 
NP -> talks in tehran 
NP -> general buyukanit 
NP -> the gathering place 
NP -> tribe or sect rather man 
NP -> quitting 
NP -> the current situation 
NP -> dehydration 
NP -> congress 
NP -> lasting products 
NP -> tyrannical powers 
NP -> economical reform 
NP -> this verse 
NP -> the member countries of united nations 
NP -> financial resources 
NP -> this clause 
NP -> chief 
NP -> a little amount 
NP -> the rapid increase 
NP -> its purchasing and sale 
NP -> the serb community 
NP -> the modality 
NP -> the story of his life 
NP -> one of the scholars of najaf 
NP -> the legitimacy 
NP -> darab kayhan reporter 
NP -> a small room 
NP -> unity and land ruling 
NP -> cold autumn weather 
NP -> six people 
NP -> their questions 
NP -> the difficulties 
NP -> american citizens 
NP -> the correspondent 
NP -> the precursors 
NP -> a void 
NP -> different fields 
NP -> foundations 
NP -> the health of the mentioned produce 
NP -> this nation toward development 
NP -> a combination 
NP -> alloghat > 
NP -> the lives of people 
NP -> its production 
NP -> his breath with difficulty number . 
NP -> tehran dr. 
NP -> the mistakes of chen 
NP -> general mosharraf and formation 
NP -> our country 's economy 
NP -> the basis of this statement 
NP -> austria , bulgaria and italy 
NP -> speeches 
NP -> the religious issues 
NP -> choices 
NP -> theories 
NP -> the beach 
NP -> the sixth gathering 
NP -> teenagers and the youth 
NP -> professor '' m 
NP -> propaganda and communicating about america 
NP -> the killing of turkey 's soldiers 
NP -> the interests of their nations 
NP -> hassan rohani iran 's previous negotiator 
NP -> a tendency 
NP -> direct investment 
NP -> the ruling group 
NP -> cinematic companies 
NP -> islamic and koranic culture 
NP -> the obvious point 
NP -> two parts 
NP -> the areas 
NP -> the rock garden 
NP -> imam jafar 
NP -> a year 
NP -> the yard 
NP -> middle 
NP -> people in these plans 
NP -> a cript 
NP -> yesterday 
NP -> the world trade organization 's laws 
NP -> mutual 
NP -> a situation 
NP -> nasa with regards 
NP -> other megalopolises of the country 
NP -> a good shelter 
NP -> the military government 
NP -> widespread bank crimes 
NP -> golestan jointly became the third 
NP -> participation of iran in international tourism 
NP -> the necessity of networking knowledge 
NP -> speed 
NP -> the national turkish monetary unit 
NP -> iran 's pistachio 
NP -> the working position people 
NP -> the previous week 
NP -> this humanizing book 
NP -> the hands of certain people 
NP -> the minister of foreign affairs statements 
NP -> reliance 
NP -> their aggression 
NP -> the symbol of the world bank 
NP -> education , news and viewpoint chapters 
NP -> common addressee 
NP -> the most obvious advantage 
NP -> a five liter water container 
NP -> the ecosystem 
NP -> extra dramatic sessions 
NP -> terrorism missions 
NP -> the batteries 
NP -> the bank employee 
NP -> a lot delays 
NP -> the speed of performing some projects 
NP -> the first factor 
NP -> its latest report 
NP -> donald rumsfeld 
NP -> mass killings weapons 
NP -> a piece 
NP -> american sentiments 
NP -> deeds traits 
NP -> undesirable bioenvironmental consequences 
NP -> dr. 
NP -> tablecloth 
NP -> shabanieh 
NP -> a comprehensive textbook 
NP -> discussions and debate 
NP -> bed 
NP -> the dose and the manner 
NP -> the ideas of thomas hobbs 
NP -> hundreds of people 
NP -> crises and wars 
NP -> some european 
NP -> the aims of these negotiations 
NP -> villains 
NP -> this color in kazakhstan flag 
NP -> extensive reformation 
NP -> occupying forces ' 
NP -> an identity 
NP -> your eyes 
NP -> all the sensitive centers 
NP -> some justifications for these definitions 
NP -> signs 
NP -> the patient '' humor therapy 
NP -> the pertinent clot 
NP -> the border market 
NP -> the time and general ariel sharon 
NP -> the majority in the short run 
NP -> modern tools 
NP -> the remaining phases of south pars 
NP -> a basic requirement 
NP -> the information 
NP -> our bodies 
NP -> a layered shaped cliff 
NP -> $ year officially withdrew 
NP -> the heads of israel and palestine 
NP -> the central bank through non 
NP -> patient 
NP -> the world their hands and hearts 
NP -> the prisons of the country 
NP -> gorgan 
NP -> political line 
NP -> kaddafi and the libyan government 
NP -> commerce 
NP -> the arab world 
NP -> insurgents 
NP -> the whole of holy quran 
NP -> the associate press 
NP -> the interpretation of the divine word 
NP -> larger number of them 
NP -> rights in prison 
NP -> this election 
NP -> all international companies 
NP -> the iraqi side 
NP -> distance and gap 
NP -> our bags 
NP -> dates 
NP -> a trap for the republicans 
NP -> managements of companies 
NP -> the decisions that are made 
NP -> extensive relations 
NP -> the extremist groups behavior 
NP -> their heartfelt and sentimental tie 
NP -> remembrance of sacred 
NP -> this argument 
NP -> hafizieh 
NP -> comparison books 
NP -> kermanshah and elna titarinko form tehran 
NP -> mawlevi 
NP -> imam khomeini 
NP -> a bad condition 
NP -> azar 
NP -> molavi 
NP -> two of his guards 
NP -> fardoost and hedayati 
NP -> some psychological pressures 
NP -> a warning 
NP -> unity and faith 
NP -> shiite and sunni 
NP -> the french producers 
NP -> other provinces of the country 
NP -> bosnian serbs 
NP -> reconciliation 
NP -> dawn 
NP -> a half 
NP -> the best way 
NP -> his talks 
NP -> the third place 
NP -> a reference 
NP -> bones and teeth health 
NP -> mohsen rezaee 's argument 
NP -> the requested medicines 
NP -> inflation 
NP -> the life story 
NP -> agricultural wells 
NP -> the cultural and historical complex 
NP -> this world ( i ' m 
NP -> a triangular scarf 
NP -> the viewer 's 
NP -> each year 
NP -> a site 
NP -> election moves 
NP -> union and solidarity 
NP -> a fatal traffic accident 
NP -> economic affairs and finance 
NP -> the maximum possible force in iraq 
NP -> her brother 
NP -> his memory and name 
NP -> the festival celebration of shams tabrizi 
NP -> connections 
NP -> wake 
NP -> all in all this big job 
NP -> shiite groups 
NP -> form and content 
NP -> experts 
NP -> foreign companies and their personnel 
NP -> the clashes concerned war 
NP -> its nuclear program 
NP -> the birds that do not fly 
NP -> pakistan ' 
NP -> the reporters ' question 
NP -> the attention 
NP -> hatred 
NP -> extraversion 
NP -> harb 
NP -> side programs 
NP -> an interconnectable 
NP -> this nation 
NP -> the mean time 
NP -> no pain 
NP -> the success of the gathering 
NP -> mansoor barzgar 
NP -> the declared goals 
NP -> a serious friction 
NP -> foreigners in the region 
NP -> the only republic 
NP -> advanced technology and daily life 
NP -> the u.s. guideline 
NP -> iran ' s taekwondo player 
NP -> these statements said '' russia 
NP -> regional and international strife 
NP -> threats to the health of prisoners 
NP -> the border of northern khorasan 
NP -> the american occupying administration 
NP -> presence in this markets 
NP -> the ties of the two countries 
NP -> solar and operation 
NP -> its agenda 
NP -> the party organizations of provinces 
NP -> the distribution 
NP -> few recent months 
NP -> gilan province 
NP -> note 
NP -> the maximum possible force 
NP -> isma ' il amini 
NP -> turkey 's assembly 
NP -> the main objective of this bank 
NP -> some substitutes 
NP -> thing 
NP -> the lock 
NP -> the egyptian 
NP -> persian language and literature academy 
NP -> his appearance 
NP -> the games 
NP -> front of the security council 
NP -> media affairs 
NP -> damascus the day 
NP -> cards 
NP -> kurdistan workers party 
NP -> the youngsters 
NP -> crimes in the country 
NP -> the goal of this action 
NP -> the clarification of this dossier 
NP -> his country 's 
NP -> intimate cooperation 
NP -> iraq ' s principle 
NP -> a humorous tone 
NP -> john warner 
NP -> fairness and commitment 
NP -> extraterritorial actions 
NP -> glands 
NP -> the resources of his country 
NP -> foreign affairs statements 
NP -> a representative from the central bank 
NP -> scholarship and culture 
NP -> these powers 
NP -> the fifth rank 
NP -> operations on the goujar heights 
NP -> freedom 
NP -> the continent 
NP -> its borderline regions with iran 
NP -> the human rights 
NP -> the khakis and tightened boot laces 
NP -> reconstruction 
NP -> work preliminaries 
NP -> their regions 
NP -> jame ' 
NP -> assault 
NP -> the advisor of isipo 
NP -> a renowned expert 
NP -> persons 
NP -> the party leadership 
NP -> a house in tonkaben 
NP -> a pit 
NP -> non agent defense 
NP -> the agreements 
NP -> the thought 
NP -> bad actions 
NP -> the cry wall 
NP -> iran ' s nuclear case 
NP -> the council of nato 
NP -> this sacred matter 
NP -> destruction 
NP -> the best solution 
NP -> our country in this matter 
NP -> reading mathnavi 
NP -> the relations between the two countries 
NP -> its values and sacred 
NP -> the result 
NP -> the doctorate stage of these courses 
NP -> the other hand nancy palosy 
NP -> their groups 
NP -> your prophet 
NP -> not that you 
NP -> a halt 
NP -> exploitation 
NP -> a modern situation 
NP -> iranian hajjis 
NP -> the philosophy of science 
NP -> the private security companies 
NP -> the new season of la liga 
NP -> the university 
NP -> bhutto and '' musharraf politicians 
NP -> horrible effects 
NP -> the cultural authorities of this province 
NP -> discussion 
NP -> such 
NP -> the end of this week 
NP -> the leadership of imam khomeini 
NP -> lebanon in the stipulated time 
NP -> its kind 
NP -> good sport talents in yazd province 
NP -> the official work order 
NP -> the political ideological organization 
NP -> the unending sky 
NP -> the rival two points 
NP -> the organization 
NP -> the talks about the missile defense 
NP -> people like me 
NP -> the way for free sale 
NP -> china 's environmental effects 
NP -> applicability 
NP -> this troublesome search 
NP -> evening 
NP -> the intelligence police of khuzestan 
NP -> the administration of ismail haniyeh 
NP -> little religious instructions 
NP -> cleric haj molla abbas 
NP -> more than five million people 
NP -> their 
NP -> an extra gasoline ration 
NP -> a governmental economic company 
NP -> materials 
NP -> the cleanest water 
NP -> ronaldinho the young and new phenomenon 
NP -> iran in international tourism 
NP -> friday in ankara 
NP -> the asian rivals 
NP -> medicines 
NP -> the main architects 
NP -> his successor 
NP -> the immigration 
NP -> the future income of the plan 
NP -> office 
NP -> the dar alkhalij newspaper 
NP -> the six films 
NP -> old tehran 
NP -> such a feeling 
NP -> the preparation of housing 
NP -> front of the greek parliament 
NP -> foreign service -- news agencies 
NP -> the first role 
NP -> american soldiers from iraq 
NP -> representatives ' 
NP -> investigation haj mahmoud tavakoli 
NP -> all willing and influencing forces 
NP -> a painter 
NP -> the state ' 
NP -> drums 
NP -> the matter 
NP -> the plan and policy 
NP -> its position iran 
NP -> the various stages 
NP -> the basis of stock market price 
NP -> occupiers in iraq 
NP -> related province 
NP -> all values 
NP -> the secular and democratic principles 
NP -> goods in the country 
NP -> the trend 
NP -> this godly 
NP -> sergei 
NP -> signs similar to primitive languages 
NP -> the news agency b 
NP -> the current monetary policies 
NP -> salary 
NP -> excuses 
NP -> a trust building 
NP -> two countries ' 
NP -> the nuclear issue of iran 
NP -> russia emanates 
NP -> russia the need 
NP -> don ' t support 
NP -> the shohada stand 
NP -> another american soldier 
NP -> navaz and shahbaze sharrif 
NP -> participation 
NP -> a small room for this reason 
NP -> the current week 
NP -> this connection 
NP -> uzbekistan 's 
NP -> the execution of this plan 
NP -> the very good relationships 
NP -> some of the media 
NP -> the valuable legacy 
NP -> defense ministry 
NP -> becker hamilton 's report 
NP -> cooperation of the world bank 
NP -> appropriate courses 
NP -> - line 
NP -> the outset 
NP -> this period 
NP -> advantage of their 
NP -> his resistance against modern capitulation 
NP -> the subgroup of olympics 
NP -> the bomb 
NP -> no date 
NP -> the prayers and a little rest 
NP -> his representatives 
NP -> any physical harm 
NP -> action of these forces 
NP -> water consumption 
NP -> disciples 
NP -> secondary schools 
NP -> the indicator 
NP -> larijani and solana 
NP -> the possibility of such destructive diversion 
NP -> the final policy 
NP -> full 
NP -> the general assembly ' 
NP -> the great i.e. 
NP -> a person of foreign religion 
NP -> the yesterday 's 
NP -> a standpoint 
NP -> hatef 
NP -> the literature 
NP -> the message 
NP -> the nuclear energy 
NP -> second 
NP -> the lines in the palm 
NP -> the issues 
NP -> periodic 
NP -> concentration curtailment 
NP -> the same content 
NP -> the main indian parties 
NP -> different army forces 
NP -> an excellent fashion 
NP -> some moments 
NP -> indonesia 
NP -> maybe the main interest 
NP -> the arrival of this month 
NP -> bosnia 
NP -> the iraqis ' gunfire 
NP -> class , lesson and discussion 
NP -> the chamber 
NP -> the corner 
NP -> two people 
NP -> our reporter from kashan 
NP -> russia 's president 
NP -> each of these persons 
NP -> authorities of province 
NP -> programming manager 
NP -> the loftiest point 
NP -> the south of bagdad 
NP -> a central area 
NP -> pains and sweets of our lives 
NP -> feasts 
NP -> one cup of salted water 
NP -> their prestige 
NP -> the circular 
NP -> the matches of ziyafat noor 
NP -> price and the black market 
NP -> the agreement 
NP -> the print journalism 
NP -> the lunar months 
NP -> germany 's vast economy 
NP -> small spaces and intricacies 
NP -> the relationship couples 
NP -> east america 's confrontation 
NP -> robbing one 
NP -> a water crisis 
NP -> the agency 's supervision 
NP -> the transmission period in russia 
NP -> partial verse 
NP -> this conflict 
NP -> order to witness growth and prosperity 
NP -> the special envoy 
NP -> general benjamin mixon 
NP -> global village 
NP -> the president of america against iraq 
NP -> these relations 
NP -> an instant effect on the market 
NP -> the reports of associated press 
NP -> vahadat hall 
NP -> the first page 
NP -> force in bosnia 
NP -> the world arena 
NP -> this trend to imagine civil war 
NP -> the aims 
NP -> incomes 
NP -> global warming 
NP -> islamic values 
NP -> a mere imitator 
NP -> the government employees 
NP -> another citizen 
NP -> the meantime 
NP -> nuclear energy iran 
NP -> the teams present 
NP -> boxes 
NP -> indigent people 
NP -> deployment 
NP -> an action of war 
NP -> iran koran agency 
NP -> the suitable mechanisms 
NP -> they willing insurance 
NP -> views and thoughts 
NP -> this most glorious nation 
NP -> richness 
NP -> turkey 's attack 
NP -> this action of the us 
NP -> medical costs surplus 
NP -> the limitation 
NP -> these two researchers 
NP -> the level of the sea 
NP -> the end of every conference 
NP -> such tricksters 
NP -> such insufficiencies 
NP -> a criminal act 
NP -> the position of consumer countries 
NP -> the lack 
NP -> tehran city in its thirty 
NP -> the cinema circles 
NP -> specific requirements 
NP -> the presidential palace of this country 
NP -> the automobile manufacturing factories 
NP -> imam ' 
NP -> the lebanon government proponent 
NP -> the strategic u.s. ally 
NP -> its negotiations 
NP -> the foreign investment sector 
NP -> all lebanese 
NP -> some rare birds 
NP -> these twin explorers 
NP -> their place of consumption 
NP -> the innovations 
NP -> the new members 
NP -> the youths ' 
NP -> hasaneh bank in this way 
NP -> the authority of the applicants 
NP -> a general difference 
NP -> some negotiations with mr. solana 
NP -> historical speeches 
NP -> the elucidation 
NP -> islam hashemi rafsanjani 
NP -> minority 's 
NP -> haji 
NP -> an investigation 
NP -> concentration 
NP -> the proximity 
NP -> doctor tashakorian 
NP -> the movement 
NP -> another action 
NP -> blits , published in belgrade 
NP -> regards to this book 
NP -> the same mr. hashemi 
NP -> amir kabir industrial university 
NP -> this music 
NP -> their commitments treaty on non 
NP -> factories 
NP -> their country 
NP -> another worry 
NP -> ambiguous statements 
NP -> the election of eighth 
NP -> the strongholds 
NP -> fiber 
NP -> the iranian merchandise exhibition 
NP -> putin and ahmadinejad 
NP -> the corrupted 
NP -> the analysts of the region 
NP -> tabriz said '' holding ceremonies 
NP -> general inspection organization 
NP -> revival ceremonies 
NP -> the aforementioned resolution 
NP -> the gilan province 
NP -> ministers at yesterday 
NP -> industrial workers 
NP -> saudi arabian government distortion statements 
NP -> the exception of turkey 
NP -> the russians 
NP -> the pills ' 
NP -> fact development based on knowledge 
NP -> large scale traders and businessmen 
NP -> a '' universe 
NP -> the high volume 
NP -> the construction of dam 
NP -> this country in germany 
NP -> the destruction 
NP -> the dominance 
NP -> favor 
NP -> transition period 
NP -> the residential area 
NP -> convergences water sector policies 
NP -> the leading experts of china 
NP -> the ministry of the interior 
NP -> legal registration 
NP -> the police department 
NP -> the entirety of europe 
NP -> these thousands of iraq 's kurds 
NP -> the existing situation 
NP -> nation ' s interests 
NP -> normalization of relationship and contact 
NP -> the first generation liberalism 
NP -> the iraqi kurdistan workers ' party 
NP -> its territory 
NP -> bondesliga in austria 
NP -> peron 
NP -> the iraqi proposals 
NP -> a few handfuls 
NP -> the main custodian 
NP -> continuation of this letter 
NP -> every five years 
NP -> petroleum 
NP -> a newspaper 
NP -> peaceful use of atomic energy 
NP -> a compatible spouse 
NP -> the istanbul conference 
NP -> their previous stature 
NP -> the iranian cinema 
NP -> the oil market 
NP -> the writers 
NP -> the social situations and mental structure 
NP -> the interpretation of the koran 
NP -> npt treaty members in years 
NP -> half 
NP -> aged and texan woman 
NP -> loved ones life 
NP -> a considerable share 
NP -> several games en > 
NP -> the stolen automobiles 
NP -> fairs in the world 
NP -> the purpose of compensating shortages 
NP -> cultural variety meeting 
NP -> kerman 's women 's rock 
NP -> stock broking of bank 
NP -> an appropriate system 
NP -> the driver and ahmad 
NP -> positive evaluation 
NP -> quran , sudden or slow changes 
NP -> the islamic 
NP -> its dire and unpleasant results 
NP -> prayer and meal 
NP -> competition in the chinese market 
NP -> mohammad reza bahonar 
NP -> seven hours 
NP -> his interest 
NP -> those staging 
NP -> awareness , unity and opposition 
NP -> cooperation and partnership 
NP -> the false image 
NP -> the most generous judgment 
NP -> educational institutions 
NP -> persepolis pegah gilan 
NP -> a view 
NP -> each of the regional crises 
NP -> the market of investment 
NP -> joushan 
NP -> the farsi resources and literature 
NP -> any change 
NP -> educated persons and literary associations 
NP -> the students danger 
NP -> broken fingers says 
NP -> the sivand dam 
NP -> don ' t 
NP -> the urban spaces and passages 
NP -> the face cleansing lotion 
NP -> the individual level 
NP -> these newspapers 
NP -> the disciples heartily 
NP -> a spiritual atmosphere 
NP -> its facilities 
NP -> its low level 
NP -> the new policy 
NP -> artistic and printing capacities 
NP -> wife and husband 
NP -> birds 
NP -> the enactment 
NP -> main priorities 
NP -> the news segments 
NP -> the fasting person 
NP -> the defeat of the multilateral efforts 
NP -> the housing production 
NP -> the purchasing and sale 
NP -> the older french people 
NP -> the quality 
NP -> a bed 
NP -> environment of the province of golestan 
NP -> authors or historians 
NP -> these solar panels 
NP -> the ferocity 
NP -> the iranian merchants 
NP -> control 
NP -> mr. gail 
NP -> obsolete times of science and knowledge 
NP -> pbuh 
NP -> advantage of maximum agreement 
NP -> the disciple bitten 
NP -> the lack of a movement culture 
NP -> the true religion 
NP -> war crimes in the hague tadic 
NP -> the main public transportation system 
NP -> offending forces 
NP -> the latest developments 
NP -> robot 
NP -> remembrance 
NP -> nowhere 
NP -> iran embassy 
NP -> the head coach of freestyle 
NP -> some groups 
NP -> the deputy of oil ministry 
NP -> the statute 
NP -> consultation discretion and mutual understanding 
NP -> the paintings 
NP -> iranian films 
NP -> a reverse trend 
NP -> the same time paul 
NP -> the current requirements 
NP -> iran ' s verification 
NP -> this regard sessions 
NP -> the historical monument of persepolis 
NP -> such hearings 
NP -> light oils 
NP -> university 
NP -> the field of oil painting 
NP -> south africa 
NP -> passengers 
NP -> the tenth gathering 
NP -> the last two centuries 
NP -> society america ' s 
NP -> all the possibilities 
NP -> this amount of oil 
NP -> national surveillance administration 
NP -> prophet 's 
NP -> institutes 
NP -> the base or methodical 
NP -> american leadership 
NP -> page of newspaper 
NP -> the iraqi dictator 
NP -> fatness 
NP -> paved roads 
NP -> irna ` s report 
NP -> the third front 
NP -> people ' s demand 
NP -> the amount one million 
NP -> the chair 
NP -> din 
NP -> scientific 
NP -> various neighborhoods 
NP -> he in the end 
NP -> hasaneh operations 
NP -> saakashvili ' s democratic qualifications 
NP -> a holy city 
NP -> russians ' expressing worries 
NP -> this important book 
NP -> the addict man 
NP -> religious thoughts and reflections 
NP -> the same path 
NP -> this country '' malik 
NP -> sunnism and shi'ism 
NP -> a compromise 
NP -> the best way possible 
NP -> family problems 
NP -> different historical eras 
NP -> the creation of cultural problems 
NP -> the ideas and thoughts of zionism 
NP -> any ceasefire 
NP -> some arab countries in the u.s. 
NP -> continuous requests 
NP -> the precise supervision 
NP -> these sights 
NP -> daily bread 
NP -> rials 
NP -> the private sector 's 
NP -> internal tumors society 
NP -> the published reports 
NP -> satellite , internet and cds 
NP -> the interval after the war 
NP -> delivery rights ' shares 
NP -> states ' 
NP -> the economic reporter of irna 
NP -> great prophet 's sermon amir al 
NP -> the improvement of the current situation 
NP -> the stratums 
NP -> elite of the society 
NP -> some resolutions 
NP -> no hardship 
NP -> avoidance of sins 
NP -> their demand 
NP -> defence force in indian ocean 
NP -> the proof 
NP -> culture 
NP -> zionist regime 
NP -> society tehran 
NP -> the zionist actions 
NP -> man 's 
NP -> social work 
NP -> widespread cooperation 
NP -> other fields 
NP -> irna quoting from n 
NP -> one of the bases of ghosam 
NP -> my condolences 
NP -> all who have mobile telephones 
NP -> the taliban and the al 
NP -> ice cream 
NP -> five rounds 
NP -> firstly 
NP -> reporter added on monday 
NP -> artistic plasterworks of the ravadian era 
NP -> the central military commission 
NP -> the former president 
NP -> their students ' knowledge 
NP -> dear ' 
NP -> the most important peripheral programs 
NP -> the breakfast 
NP -> promise 
NP -> a pure and desirable life 
NP -> the kurdistan of this country 
NP -> frontiers 
NP -> other tools 
NP -> spots 
NP -> not buy 
NP -> the political scene 
NP -> chinese products 
NP -> the ratifications 
NP -> a decision 
NP -> personnel meaning doctors and nurses 
NP -> water and water supply services 
NP -> a soft cloth 
NP -> the absolute existence 
NP -> the atomic energy agency board 
NP -> living people 
NP -> the field of foreign policy 
NP -> the clergyman molla 
NP -> father ' s point of view 
NP -> india ' s ministry 
NP -> half a billion kilograms 
NP -> radioactive 
NP -> a type of racism 
NP -> iran and venezuela 
NP -> the bank order of keshavarz card 
NP -> certain terms 
NP -> the relationship between couples 
NP -> the tools of creating social stability 
NP -> chranan 's 
NP -> these delays and the pecuniary damages 
NP -> hussein 
NP -> intellectualism 's reaction against bourgeois art 
NP -> the products presented at this exhibition 
NP -> the $ year decade 
NP -> the problems of country fellows 
NP -> iran and india 
NP -> a sustainable framework 
NP -> the then president 
NP -> these advancements 
NP -> claims of the general public 
NP -> america with these measures 
NP -> this little child 
NP -> the climate 
NP -> the vital fluids 
NP -> david kamroon 
NP -> the united nation 's 
NP -> the trend of masoud saad 
NP -> concession 
NP -> irna reporter in new delhi 
NP -> a televised speech 
NP -> extra gas 
NP -> the political and economical interests 
NP -> the separatist kurds 
NP -> dissatisfaction 
NP -> the ill and deplorable effects 
NP -> customs 
NP -> my farm 
NP -> the islamic iran 's 
NP -> the koran of ali 
NP -> cinematographers 
NP -> a disabled child 
NP -> m i t university 
NP -> part in the horse racing ceremony 
NP -> the capital of malaysia 
NP -> the months 
NP -> this time in encountering world 
NP -> the gaza strip 
NP -> mahmoud abbas in this conference 
NP -> the better team of the game 
NP -> the east 
NP -> the economical state 
NP -> the costs for the english guardianship 
NP -> an application in our country 
NP -> bhutto ' s aghast supporters 
NP -> america and the world 
NP -> seringer , retired brigadier 
NP -> the market of every goods 
NP -> the western and the american media 
NP -> american forces 
NP -> abhisit vejjajiva 
NP -> tariff rate 
NP -> physical obstruction 
NP -> the trine stations of singularity 
NP -> ghulam reza haidari 
NP -> the housing price issue 
NP -> books and treatises 
NP -> the security apparatus 
NP -> this volume 
NP -> the first place 
NP -> prisoners 
NP -> hormozgan 
NP -> the american center for foreign policy 
NP -> a conductor 
NP -> its base 
NP -> military and security power 
NP -> this basis japanese government 
NP -> dr behmanesh 
NP -> the coast countries 
NP -> students ' 
NP -> growing rice 
NP -> a large nonprofit organization 
NP -> the past authorities 
NP -> the disciplinary forces of great tehran 
NP -> people and fans 
NP -> islam muslims 
NP -> hussein halaj and shalamkhani 
NP -> the three arrested iranians 
NP -> the deputy president 
NP -> the racist policy 
NP -> the future president 
NP -> a certain amount 
NP -> the front lines 
NP -> a number of students 
NP -> words 
NP -> many schools 
NP -> the arab analysts 
NP -> the necessary requirements 
NP -> dialects 
NP -> new world order 
NP -> lunch or dinner 
NP -> diplomatic relations 
NP -> stubbornness 
NP -> palestinian groups 
NP -> shahr 
NP -> the face of the city 
NP -> the state registry organization issue documents 
NP -> foreign policy india ' cause trust 
NP -> the people 's 
NP -> our saffron planter farmer 
NP -> the russian president 's 
NP -> their negative response 
NP -> some injuries 
NP -> economic variables 
NP -> the last two games 
NP -> jasem al abidi '' iraq ' 
NP -> traditions and the specific order 
NP -> hard day and night 
NP -> irna 's report 
NP -> a hand 
NP -> the lawmakers and statesmen of israel 
NP -> speech deeds and beliefs 
NP -> other great events of these matches 
NP -> the noticeable increase of the price 
NP -> the lebanese hezbollah 
NP -> correction of books and treatises 
NP -> agreement on a candidate 
NP -> the erudite 
NP -> the termination 
NP -> mass misfortunes and disasters 
NP -> starting today 
NP -> the important regional meeting in tehran 
NP -> the atomic energy organization 
NP -> certain 
NP -> a few long odes 
NP -> darab 
NP -> possibility of putin 's assassination 
NP -> middle east peace 
NP -> australia 
NP -> a very grave period 
NP -> the intention of this ecotourism specialist 
NP -> the law itself 
NP -> real point 
NP -> baton 
NP -> the judicial pursuit 
NP -> national democratic coalition 
NP -> many advantages for the two sides 
NP -> experience knowledge 
NP -> central bank ' 
NP -> stabilizing stability in pakistan 
NP -> stale bread and leftover cheese 
NP -> end 
NP -> halves 
NP -> the othman government 
NP -> the natural environment and variety 
NP -> $ year situation and reliance 
NP -> his talk 
NP -> the strike more expanded and harder 
NP -> the russian president in tehran 
NP -> more than $ year 
NP -> year international tourism 
NP -> a shared life 
NP -> the iris flower 
NP -> breeding , fishing and industrial freezing 
NP -> long term 
NP -> a permanent and fixed formula 
NP -> turkey 's decisive support 
NP -> higher isteaza 
NP -> effect 
NP -> the opposing forces 
NP -> the compositions 
NP -> printing bills from the economical view 
NP -> exercise these 
NP -> his short speech 
NP -> the country endeavor 
NP -> turkish troops 
NP -> the ease 
NP -> satarkhan avenue 
NP -> the stock market value 
NP -> mohsen badi 
NP -> no means 
NP -> the world in recent years 
NP -> national companies 
NP -> the ambassadors 
NP -> any meeting 
NP -> the net , chemical pollutions 
NP -> the simplicity 
NP -> the darkness 
NP -> corruption it is metmorphosed 
NP -> performance of this force 
NP -> a completely technical point 
NP -> the disintegration of the soviet union 
NP -> farouq al shara ' added 
NP -> particular the buddhists 
NP -> the satisfaction and visit 
NP -> the airport 
NP -> the last meeting 
NP -> society america ' 
NP -> encountering 
NP -> their successive failures 
NP -> human kind 
NP -> syrian sky 
NP -> the unilateral action 
NP -> its activities 
NP -> the country level 
NP -> individual interests 
NP -> army centers in this era 
NP -> a small factory 
NP -> naser hejazi 
NP -> the name of god 
NP -> the near , far and middle 
NP -> noozari 
NP -> state sometime 
NP -> the mentioned plan 
NP -> david 's grave 
NP -> the great tehran 
NP -> the floor 
NP -> their importance 
NP -> this town 
NP -> the democratic party 
NP -> reasonable finished prices 
NP -> their long term programs 
NP -> badminton 
NP -> the opposing forces in the cabinet 
NP -> their soil 
NP -> case of their probable attack 
NP -> saturday ( n 
NP -> the organizations 
NP -> faramarz fathnejad 
NP -> any ceasefire at this stage 
NP -> the substitute 
NP -> those 
NP -> the quality of the game 
NP -> several centuries 
NP -> ranking authorities of liberal democratic party 
NP -> balance 
NP -> the governments 
NP -> the meeting of yesterday afternoon 
NP -> the support 
NP -> peugeot and pride types 
NP -> the age of the big absence 
NP -> city management experts ' 
NP -> the iranian media 
NP -> lisbon conference 
NP -> false news 
NP -> historic entered tehran 
NP -> kashan jame ' mosque is written 
NP -> motherland 
NP -> the deceased 
NP -> the declining trend 
NP -> the wind storms 
NP -> a few black coins 
NP -> bernard kushner 
NP -> the north korean threat 
NP -> unjust leaders , specified 
NP -> natural resources and aquiferous 
NP -> establishment of social security in tehran 
NP -> no position 
NP -> parliamentary discussions 
NP -> our mission 
NP -> his us counterpart 
NP -> coaches 
NP -> legal and administrative strategies 
NP -> the bank experts 
NP -> abbasi hotel 
NP -> the new government 
NP -> turkey 's army 
NP -> the reporters residing in beijing 
NP -> the professional committee 
NP -> the assigned missions 
NP -> japan 's market 
NP -> the book iranian music 
NP -> the authorities too 
NP -> those countries 
NP -> his duties 
NP -> the constitutional revolution 
NP -> the passengers 
NP -> the europeans 
NP -> the correction 
NP -> oil and gas 
NP -> economic development with employers ' participation 
NP -> his sister 
NP -> their assets 
NP -> nation and religion 
NP -> geographical place 
NP -> human 
NP -> the sowing 
NP -> this possibility 
NP -> ardakan 
NP -> their issue part 
NP -> a domestic cinema 
NP -> the necessary wheat 
NP -> numerous obstacles and problems 
NP -> payman akbari 
NP -> the meaning of a word 
NP -> these dangers 
NP -> a newcomer 
NP -> the effects 
NP -> the country 's authorities 
NP -> finishing farming and veterinary work 
NP -> his other fellows 
NP -> practices 
NP -> friday 
NP -> the nation ' s will 
NP -> the government of kazakhstan 
NP -> west 
NP -> iranian artwork related to molana 
NP -> chambers of commerce 
NP -> lebanon 's political crisis 
NP -> physicians 
NP -> programs 
NP -> adam 's son 
NP -> not everyone 
NP -> japanese people 
NP -> the picture itself 
NP -> india and america 
NP -> foreign reactions 
NP -> the second government of mohammad khatami 
NP -> farhad majidi 
NP -> the acclamation 
NP -> america 's missile defense plan 
NP -> tabriz site 
NP -> our country ' s freestyle 
NP -> a quiet year 
NP -> mavieh 
NP -> sarein 
NP -> the budget and management department 
NP -> poisonous materials 
NP -> the forces of violence 
NP -> a merely meaning conveyer medium 
NP -> the basis of this report 
NP -> this sum 
NP -> sanction situations for almost three decades 
NP -> russian federal atomic energy agency 
NP -> a new movement 
NP -> parts with high technology 
NP -> closeness specific 
NP -> rahimi danesh 
NP -> announcement 
NP -> the ball of success 
NP -> director of the bourse company 
NP -> jacques chirac 's '' 
NP -> elite classes ' 
NP -> social cost of the monetary changes 
NP -> all illegal offices 
NP -> the world of islam 
NP -> the government of turkey 
NP -> the ecotourism industry 
NP -> irrecoverable negative effects 
NP -> the specific society 
NP -> designers , engineers and masters 
NP -> the government 's inattention 
NP -> the governmental and foreign forces 
NP -> fair friday 
NP -> the maintenance 
NP -> satan 's mischievousness 
NP -> sins 
NP -> the reduction of our forces 
NP -> children 
NP -> stimulations 
NP -> this company 's sale 
NP -> trip 
NP -> the internet site 
NP -> suburbanization 
NP -> values such as peace and democracy 
NP -> the precarious position of the americans 
NP -> stabilizing stability 
NP -> ilam 
NP -> this capitulation behavior 
NP -> the late aboutorabi 
NP -> the place 
NP -> most of the zeros 
NP -> president two third 
NP -> hariri court 
NP -> the international pardon organization 
NP -> shouldn ' t 
NP -> a protractor 
NP -> a group of reformist political activists 
NP -> ideals and realities 
NP -> the united nations in new york 
NP -> one quadrillion 
NP -> league competitions 
NP -> the national monuments 
NP -> the parliamentary election and presidency 
NP -> their place 
NP -> especially marketers 
NP -> political cooperation 
NP -> their colleagues 
NP -> the undersecretary of trade minister 
NP -> selling of weapons 
NP -> iran code 
NP -> the financial system of my country 
NP -> white house 
NP -> ministry of culture 
NP -> the correct and logical way 
NP -> present several irrigation projects 
NP -> yado 
NP -> new camp 
NP -> a part of its strategic planning 
NP -> fighting and violence 
NP -> mohammad reza shajarian 
NP -> the intersection 
NP -> the ears 
NP -> countries such as iran 
NP -> ghafouri 
NP -> the size of the wall 
NP -> turkey 's council on counter terrorism 
NP -> the very 
NP -> rajab tayeep erdoghan 
NP -> the peacefulness 
NP -> the islamic culture and guidance 
NP -> the book 
NP -> the transparency and limpidity 
NP -> the religious people 
NP -> the withdrawal 
NP -> soldiers and people 
NP -> nature and wildlife 
NP -> helplessness and revengefulness 
NP -> lebanon ' 
NP -> an unwinnable war 
NP -> agreement with white house 
NP -> the failure 
NP -> the industrial units 
NP -> the expert of international issues 
NP -> the timeliness of information 
NP -> its symbols 
NP -> her demands 
NP -> professor '' m ... 
NP -> a kind of partiality 
NP -> hundred billion rials for the province 
NP -> the ` high council 
NP -> the club 
NP -> the two main axes 
NP -> popular movie 
NP -> some of the chinese 
NP -> plant poppy seeds 
NP -> a village 
NP -> the measure zionist regime 
NP -> execution of iran 's industrial projects 
NP -> iran and india relations 
NP -> prophet and and ammar 
NP -> a perspective 
NP -> this trip and its impact 
NP -> crookedness or strangeness 
NP -> investment of cooperative units 
NP -> mobile telephones 
NP -> a middle aged maid 
NP -> a bank 
NP -> effect on the climate changes 
NP -> kosovo serbs in the parliamentary elections 
NP -> most arabic and muslim governments 
NP -> the responsibilities and transparency 
NP -> the weapon of threat and pressure 
NP -> doctor ' s prescription 
NP -> grape growers claim 
NP -> a well 
NP -> the government of weakness 
NP -> another important event in it 
NP -> their claim 
NP -> the final issues 
NP -> such actions 
NP -> the creation of a number 
NP -> bulgaria 
NP -> developed countries 
NP -> the people 's republic of china 
NP -> a separation between dialogue and negotiation 
NP -> the medicines 
NP -> cultural revolution 
NP -> the air force 
NP -> markazi province in arak 
NP -> the encounter 
NP -> beings 
NP -> our team average 
NP -> a talk 
NP -> severe regulations 
NP -> moslemin the chairman 
NP -> legal principles of citizens 
NP -> term treatment and continuous care 
NP -> the oral patients in emirates 
NP -> the past societies en > 
NP -> all europe union 
NP -> the duties 
NP -> the slight experience of these states 
NP -> other oceanic creatures 
NP -> their representatives 
NP -> a realistic point of view 
NP -> his self - respect 
NP -> the threshold 
NP -> heroes 
NP -> capital of india 
NP -> soltan mahmood ghaznavi 
NP -> alzaman 
NP -> the regime 
NP -> moral acts 
NP -> the words , lives and hearts 
NP -> this old house 
NP -> spokesmanship 
NP -> holding early elections 
NP -> instances 
NP -> salt crystals 
NP -> other visual devices 
NP -> all the threats 
NP -> our times 
NP -> the ownership 
NP -> a picture 
NP -> authoritarianism 
NP -> its place 
NP -> their political economic 
NP -> the bank employees 
NP -> the reporter of irna 
NP -> product 
NP -> a critical mission 
NP -> flour producing factories in the country 
NP -> our life 
NP -> the budget bill 
NP -> a front 
NP -> the continuing operations 
NP -> egypt freighted with joseph 's shirt 
NP -> a common fate 
NP -> another change 
NP -> army centers 
NP -> recent 
NP -> proof men 's clothing 
NP -> sweat open 
NP -> good achievement 
NP -> the subject of iran 
NP -> official cessation 
NP -> palestine 
NP -> these two 
NP -> the ministry of industries 
NP -> an army 
NP -> the turkish ambassador 
NP -> supplementary investigations 
NP -> metro 
NP -> maryland united states in azar 
NP -> tabriz 
NP -> all of characteristics in a way 
NP -> sayid ahmadi abhari 
NP -> the popularity 
NP -> small quick 
NP -> the deprived stratum 
NP -> the mediation 
NP -> the second biggest oil company 
NP -> the holy war 
NP -> three members 
NP -> the ilkhani period onwards 
NP -> saderat activity in those countries 
NP -> the members of opec 
NP -> the futility 
NP -> west outstanding intellectuals 
NP -> zhao ziyang 
NP -> a springtide 
NP -> the defense field 
NP -> any goods 
NP -> the banking system or check 
NP -> the republican party 
NP -> the separatist group 's 
NP -> the daughter 
NP -> premiership tony blair 
NP -> mohammad hossein barzin 
NP -> the aerial space 
NP -> the final phases 
NP -> the office workers or bus passengers 
NP -> the judiciary lawyers center in kermanshah 
NP -> hand 
NP -> stock and organization 
NP -> semnan province 
NP -> director general 
NP -> attention to the mosques 
NP -> the second sermon 
NP -> hamed hadadi 
NP -> the new government of georgia 
NP -> the current laws 
NP -> the depths of water 
NP -> the evaluative arena 
NP -> a wayfarer 
NP -> sheikh conference 
NP -> two previous months 
NP -> germany 's 
NP -> a single way 
NP -> the inhabitants 
NP -> transit fee 
NP -> an interview with ettelaat 
NP -> narcotic substances or street pills 
NP -> need 
NP -> some followers of sunnism 
NP -> a workgroup 
NP -> uproar or a 
NP -> italian art 
NP -> the active presence of iranian exporters 
NP -> the other hand in this statement 
NP -> brown government at the moment 
NP -> wrongdoings 
NP -> the holy defence 
NP -> thieves 
NP -> intellectual knowledge or knowledge 
NP -> the process of changes 
NP -> god 's great blessings 
NP -> its today issue 
NP -> one of illness 
NP -> jobs and increasing production 
NP -> the basis of same process 
NP -> all medicines 
NP -> spouses 
NP -> douglas alexander one 
NP -> these principles 
NP -> the voting ballot 
NP -> the important elements 
NP -> the jew 
NP -> us and nato 
NP -> a subject 
NP -> c and fiber 
NP -> the book fair 
NP -> the number of these negligences 
NP -> the culture and islamic guidance minister 
NP -> the truck 
NP -> an appropriate 
NP -> turkmen officials 
NP -> spirit 
NP -> commands 
NP -> prison because of inability 
NP -> the number of the monetary zeros 
NP -> navaaz 
NP -> the square 
NP -> the discussion 
NP -> belgrade 
NP -> the stage 
NP -> universities and scientific centers of iran 
NP -> kerman 's 
NP -> the circle of governmental economy 
NP -> the administration of dr. ahmadinejad 
NP -> the rhein 
NP -> exchanging bills 
NP -> the prominent political authorities 
NP -> its research 
NP -> special for iran 
NP -> hand and reliable resources 
NP -> walls 
NP -> a one month 
NP -> more and greater problems 
NP -> small and consuming goods 
NP -> the national radio and television 
NP -> indian officials 
NP -> a considerable part 
NP -> the establishment of a bank 
NP -> the pattern of bread consumption 
NP -> saudi capitalists ' 
NP -> the lebanese crisis 
NP -> the stature 
NP -> the market for buying and selling 
NP -> the objective of this system 
NP -> the representative 
NP -> year olympic games 
NP -> all social terms 
NP -> the printing of large bills 
NP -> more counsel 
NP -> two countries 
NP -> wasting capitals 
NP -> economic director 
NP -> cooperation in this field 
NP -> french secretary 
NP -> dr. morteza ezati member 
NP -> the date of issuing transfer 
NP -> the field of social delinquency 
NP -> the wide range 
NP -> the week of holy defense 
NP -> the usual illness 
NP -> this runner leila ebrahimi of asia 
NP -> eco 's 
NP -> an authorization for extraterritorial operations 
NP -> a normal temperature 
NP -> the mission of the united nations 
NP -> various decisions 
NP -> security 
NP -> crocker report 
NP -> the development plots of regime 
NP -> the old and worn or not 
NP -> this unrealistic point of view 
NP -> people ' s power 
NP -> the representative of karaj 
NP -> the forces 
NP -> clinical criteria 
NP -> strike 
NP -> the supervisor , coach and physician 
NP -> official 
NP -> the ears , high fever 
NP -> masoud saad 
NP -> both of these reports and logical 
NP -> e sistan , majmal al 
NP -> terrorists 
NP -> hesitation 
NP -> the palestinian ministry 
NP -> political service 
NP -> this basis 
NP -> the national resources 
NP -> the condemnation of this insulting approach 
NP -> the national gas company 
NP -> the center 
NP -> the problem of lack of cement 
NP -> members ' investment 
NP -> enough possibilities 
NP -> the reporters residing 
NP -> the fate of korean hostages 
NP -> childhood 
NP -> sacrilege 
NP -> universities and research institutes 
NP -> desires 
NP -> central asia and ghafgaz 
NP -> bank saderat 
NP -> one of them 
NP -> professor 
NP -> the equal conditions with the parties 
NP -> brent schuster 
NP -> the first pace 
NP -> refugees ' 
NP -> brake failure 
NP -> rug weavers 
NP -> forty 
NP -> acceding 
NP -> the production of foodstuffs 
NP -> the conditions of his appearance 
NP -> the god of money 
NP -> several decades 
NP -> their skills 
NP -> this collection 
NP -> kermanshah 
NP -> the various scientific 
NP -> position 
NP -> national iranian oil products 
NP -> each institute or foundation 
NP -> sturgeon fishes in this sea 
NP -> sport 
NP -> a nation who was tyrannized 
NP -> the municipality of kashan 
NP -> the acceptance 
NP -> the important condition 
NP -> the experience and background of iran 
NP -> the then president 's daughter 
NP -> the many needs of the people 
NP -> instance 
NP -> the size 
NP -> the last thursday 
NP -> its nuclear programs 
NP -> the disposal 
NP -> the issue of education 
NP -> fazeli '' 
NP -> its effect 
NP -> front of this animal 
NP -> dr. ahmadinejad 's 
NP -> an extract 
NP -> each other 's mistakes 
NP -> aerial space 
NP -> its own place 
NP -> house price 
NP -> a big square 
NP -> the partiality to the language 
NP -> mrs. butos ' embezzlement cases 
NP -> rajim 
NP -> putin about this 
NP -> the labor party 
NP -> the profit 
NP -> historical and cultural identity 
NP -> the world ' 
NP -> those provinces 
NP -> cash price of their goods 
NP -> income by fluctuations of market price 
NP -> internet business times 
NP -> the opposite of this statement 
NP -> a lawyer and their families 
NP -> islamic iran 
NP -> the former foreign minister of nigeria 
NP -> transfers and dislocations 
NP -> a sensual 
NP -> this idea 
NP -> the discovered items 
NP -> the sanctity of human kind 
NP -> other regions 
NP -> painter and calligraphist 
NP -> the import bank 
NP -> the entrance of nawaz 
NP -> the stock market for concession 
NP -> honesty their lives 
NP -> some notes 
NP -> mutual relations 
NP -> the president and rajab tayeb ordoghan 
NP -> maximum constructive benefit 
NP -> a book like shahname 
NP -> the scientific community country 
NP -> the joint iraqi 
NP -> rivers water 
NP -> the ministry of oil 
NP -> different modern societies 
NP -> the atomic plant of bushehr 
NP -> these remarks of him 
NP -> shortage of production 
NP -> the foreign policy and understanding orientation 
NP -> necessary funds 
NP -> a threatening tone 
NP -> turkish board 
NP -> an islamic determination 
NP -> islam and humanity 
NP -> conditions when russia ' s disagreements 
NP -> expertise 
NP -> the airport of destination 
NP -> the related organizations 
NP -> written media 
NP -> n t 
NP -> weakness 
NP -> another question of reuters 's correspondent 
NP -> semi pressured plastic 
NP -> the eighth night 
NP -> the government 's 
NP -> the murmuring 
NP -> current situation 
NP -> necessary facilities , funds and techniques 
NP -> ownership 
NP -> this arabic title 
NP -> the movie director 
NP -> partition 
NP -> average monorails 
NP -> husseini stressed '' these statements 
NP -> lack of reputable companies 
NP -> benefit 
NP -> the centralization of wealth 
NP -> these sectors 
NP -> his book ( necessary illusions ) 
NP -> northern cyprus 
NP -> their failures 
NP -> gas and flour 
NP -> transgress 
NP -> the panel 
NP -> kashan , aran and bigdel 
NP -> the ministries of science and labor 
NP -> greece 
NP -> nicholas bronze 
NP -> arab world 
NP -> the youths ' vein 
NP -> a light of the koran 
NP -> countries future '' 
NP -> the cooling 
NP -> his holiness ayatollah khamenie 
NP -> the market and an increase 
NP -> any military operations against iraq 
NP -> the periods 
NP -> the dispatching taekwondo players 
NP -> irna 's quoting n 
NP -> a glorious ceremony 
NP -> army support 
NP -> iran test 
NP -> painting and photography 
NP -> movies 
NP -> support of iran 
NP -> olmert 
NP -> a grave site 
NP -> the security and stability 
NP -> the painters society 
NP -> economics and political affairs 
NP -> spite of turkish kurdish workers party 
NP -> formation and presentation of housing cooperatives 
NP -> the reality 
NP -> various kinds of cooking oil 
NP -> missile defense 
NP -> these prices 
NP -> instruction and research institutions 
NP -> such warnings 
NP -> liver cancer 
NP -> scientific works 
NP -> our view 
NP -> monetary and financial policies 
NP -> the end of the ceremonies 
NP -> supervision and interference 
NP -> the presence of eastern azerbaijan governor 
NP -> the technical manager of iran 
NP -> egypt and jordan 
NP -> enormous scientific successes 
NP -> china 's position 
NP -> pants around his neck 
NP -> the jewish 
NP -> bin 
NP -> international car experts 
NP -> limits and its 
NP -> illogical requirements 
NP -> her friends 
NP -> the chinese effort 
NP -> charley abrams 
NP -> emirate 
NP -> the division of bonab 
NP -> the subway 
NP -> the field of management 
NP -> any unreasonable demand 
NP -> gaza sami 
NP -> the turkish nation 
NP -> the fasting state 
NP -> the network of aljazeera qatar 
NP -> some sides 
NP -> a lebenoni newspaper 
NP -> steel and cement factories 
NP -> the bomb maker 
NP -> the description 
NP -> a part of the lebanese nation 
NP -> america 's foreign policies 
NP -> six new industrial townlets 
NP -> the chief of staff 
NP -> the us minister of foreign affairs 
NP -> the tehran city council 
NP -> september $ year reveals this claim 
NP -> wheat and importation 
NP -> local banks 
NP -> american troops in this country 
NP -> the essential axis and nature 
NP -> this regard 
NP -> those medicines 
NP -> the province of esfahan 
NP -> several times 
NP -> the public opinion 
NP -> very sensitive developments 
NP -> moezipor 
NP -> the researches 
NP -> kish university 
NP -> war several presidents 
NP -> the numerous performances 
NP -> report 
NP -> all of these countries 
NP -> the bojnurd cold storage 
NP -> socialist federative republics 
NP -> the current issues in myanmar 
NP -> necessary influence 
NP -> enmity towards the iranian nation 
NP -> an electronic passage 
NP -> the researcher 
NP -> the operation 
NP -> the centre of the province 
NP -> many casualties and costs 
NP -> let ' 
NP -> the factor 
NP -> deli - times '' 
NP -> its financial resources 
NP -> the painter 
NP -> yerevan 
NP -> bardi 
NP -> the sublime issues of two nations 
NP -> the presence of ali larijani 
NP -> the evolutions in the world 
NP -> statutes 
NP -> the door call 
NP -> all the floated stock 
NP -> price in this sector 
NP -> other matters 
NP -> the launching 
NP -> the reason for this issue 
NP -> talks with bank directors 
NP -> this honesty 
NP -> my only recommendation to the government 
NP -> the pictures in paintings 
NP -> sovereignty and an end 
NP -> our first statement 
NP -> the role of ayatollah kashani 
NP -> a conclusion 
NP -> an just peace 
NP -> times of danger 
NP -> the plan drawn up in advance 
NP -> the annual training courses 
NP -> every respect 
NP -> the recent crimes of zionist regime 
NP -> spain 
NP -> an urgent meeting 
NP -> the most important exchanged documents 
NP -> a professional military 
NP -> controlling inflation 
NP -> islam and fighting islam 
NP -> anarchy 
NP -> figurative business in the country 
NP -> phytoplanktons 
NP -> the boys 
NP -> the central towns 
NP -> specialized and post specialized doctors 
NP -> the helpers and companions of crusaders 
NP -> a chimney 
NP -> the decade 
NP -> the actors 
NP -> brown ' 
NP -> gordon brown 
NP -> the iraqi occupation 
NP -> this opinion poll 
NP -> the prices for the washing powder 
NP -> india 's emphasis 
NP -> a small amount 
NP -> early $ year 
NP -> the answering authority 
NP -> the world bank 
NP -> the confession 
NP -> a human 
NP -> lease 
NP -> the turkish republic of northern cyprus 
NP -> the mumblings 
NP -> the major incident 
NP -> npt treaty members 
NP -> the same measure 
NP -> not the case 
NP -> the nations of the world 
NP -> the foreign secretary 
NP -> hana arent '' female 
NP -> north caucasia gas pipeline 
NP -> the governor of kerman 
NP -> the world for journalists 
NP -> distant 
NP -> the knowledge of iranian authentic music 
NP -> joint projects 
NP -> the power 
NP -> each 
NP -> max webber 
NP -> documentation 
NP -> uzbekistan having political motives 
NP -> market conditions 
NP -> the legitimization 
NP -> the organized criminals 
NP -> this composition 
NP -> six new industrial townlets for khorassan 
NP -> bolivia and venezuela 
NP -> defense minister 
NP -> the country 's exports 
NP -> the national conference in comparison 
NP -> everybody laugh 
NP -> a us parliament commission 
NP -> a female child 
NP -> his activity 
NP -> the secretaries 
NP -> nasrullah 
NP -> iran 's higher education 
NP -> the system ' 
NP -> partnership 
NP -> milk 
NP -> deeds traits and nature 
NP -> the short time 
NP -> serbia 
NP -> their assessment criteria 
NP -> this waiting 
NP -> the intensified collaboration 
NP -> the angels and koran 
NP -> move 
NP -> selection 
NP -> man 's hardship 
NP -> the problems and troubles 
NP -> khatami 
NP -> good negotiations 
NP -> the rook 
NP -> his highness 
NP -> countries and controversial 
NP -> commerce of thailand 
NP -> all of these wars 
NP -> three 
NP -> human services 
NP -> spite 
NP -> his life can 
NP -> the commerce ministry 
NP -> southern bagdad 
NP -> the garmabdar to lar road certain 
NP -> immovable assets 
NP -> the policy games 
NP -> the sory division 
NP -> the only authentic places diabetes 
NP -> economic point 
NP -> blanket weaving 
NP -> a combination of some different stories 
NP -> eiynollahi 
NP -> two of his companions 
NP -> right hezbollah 's 
NP -> this war accountable 
NP -> mukhtar 
NP -> this country in $ year 
NP -> the next president of this country 
NP -> human sciences and sociology 
NP -> ayatollah behjat 
NP -> mahmood ahmadinejad 
NP -> the support framework 
NP -> one thing in this world 
NP -> the body of shahab mohammad 
NP -> most fields 
NP -> a month 
NP -> boys 
NP -> judiciary branch 
NP -> switzerland 's 
NP -> the employees who became 
NP -> kazakhstan 
NP -> more intensified measures 
NP -> mazvir abad 
NP -> the former prime minister 
NP -> he in many cases 
NP -> citizens ' rights 
NP -> such a society 
NP -> a trap 
NP -> albar tuesday 
NP -> this meeting mr. iepikchi iran 's 
NP -> the present location 
NP -> the content of its bank operations 
NP -> a property 
NP -> the related authorities 
NP -> the era 
NP -> the prayer 
NP -> the batteries of this telescope 
NP -> this reason nato 
NP -> the pot 
NP -> france 's defeat 
NP -> the information and political literature 
NP -> the possible atomic leakage 
NP -> expectation 
NP -> the nature of elections in polyarchy 
NP -> accountants 
NP -> cooperation sector 
NP -> the city center 
NP -> justice stock 
NP -> some sources 
NP -> a saudi mother 
NP -> a range of the member 
NP -> the words of ahmedi 
NP -> the senior advisor 
NP -> superpowers ( who the price 
NP -> garmeh bojnoord 
NP -> the poor and devout 
NP -> slogans 
NP -> more antiquity 
NP -> the interpretation of '' superstitious fear 
NP -> repayment of their own goodness 
NP -> half a tablespoon 
NP -> the monetary unit 
NP -> a calm condition 
NP -> this cinematographer 's 
NP -> their financial balance sheet 
NP -> law 
NP -> the necessary time 
NP -> a national project 
NP -> god 's 
NP -> manuchehr mottaki 
NP -> further analysis 
NP -> other obstacles 
NP -> different threats 
NP -> revelation works 
NP -> suitable designing 
NP -> the convoy 
NP -> danjeer mir mehmet farat 
NP -> the groundwork 
NP -> the people 's liberation army 
NP -> germany 
NP -> the goals of america 
NP -> a common pain 
NP -> roles 
NP -> the initial destination 
NP -> his eight year presence 
NP -> the high price 
NP -> clubs 
NP -> the influence of nato 
NP -> village roads 
NP -> the domestic and foreign enemies 
NP -> the same ignorant rulers 
NP -> bacon in this way 
NP -> confrontations 
NP -> a country with a new democracy 
NP -> the praised and deputies 
NP -> an attack 
NP -> e hamedani 
NP -> their fortune 
NP -> shops 
NP -> this conference 
NP -> news agencies and foreign circles 
NP -> all of these elements 
NP -> an individual action 
NP -> oil in the world 
NP -> their family members 
NP -> he in an interview with irna 
NP -> the left wing for political cooperation 
NP -> this sensitivity to heat 
NP -> the descendants 
NP -> the end of the current year 
NP -> contact with the baby 's nappy 
NP -> ambiguity creating 
NP -> kabul province 
NP -> this incorrect picture 
NP -> repatriation of palestinians 
NP -> my interest 
NP -> four locations of tehran 
NP -> robot and the doctor 
NP -> the strategy 
NP -> sudden or slow changes 
NP -> the entrance 
NP -> infectious diseases 
NP -> countless tourism attractions and beauties 
NP -> the motto 
NP -> various affairs of life 
NP -> the opinion polls 
NP -> doctor marzieh farnia 
NP -> most questions of the visitors 
NP -> often 
NP -> an increase in oil production 
NP -> iran 's embassy in baghdad 
NP -> the affluent powerful and oppressors 
NP -> interior of france 
NP -> his next week ' s negotiations 
NP -> iran 's relative and competitive advantages 
NP -> the heart of the movement 
NP -> the liver 
NP -> the possession of food resources 
NP -> passage 
NP -> the grant of this loan 
NP -> the unique characteristics in man 
NP -> the caucasus republics 
NP -> household 
NP -> battalions 
NP -> the justice 
NP -> his next movie 
NP -> a senior oil expert 
NP -> the situation completely under control 
NP -> the weak 
NP -> the lives 
NP -> position changing 
NP -> the presidency 
NP -> souri 
NP -> the power of dictatorship 
NP -> a christian 
NP -> the trade council 's meetings 
NP -> these zones 
NP -> the accompanying diseases including infection 
NP -> today ' 
NP -> the opposing party by merging 
NP -> implementation of joint projects 
NP -> continuance soheil mahmoudi 
NP -> fanaticism and decent 
NP -> the oldest part 
NP -> the conditions 
NP -> this decision 
NP -> glass 
NP -> stock speculation and brokerage 
NP -> the palestine authorities 
NP -> variables 
NP -> the first phase of this project 
NP -> those young people 
NP -> a good degree 
NP -> arabs 
NP -> other european countries 
NP -> a note 
NP -> his talks with iranian 
NP -> the multiplicity of the supervision centers 
NP -> swiss and other european countries 
NP -> turkey 's people 
NP -> the management of large 
NP -> the islamic majlis 
NP -> the theater 
NP -> the current prime minister 
NP -> a good but complex relationship 
NP -> the traditional channels 
NP -> kosovo 's problem 
NP -> its statutory period 
NP -> the return of schlaudraff 
NP -> this monthly 
NP -> two important and vital principles 
NP -> martyrs , devotees and azadegan 
NP -> threats from tyrant governments 
NP -> friday imam 
NP -> the governor and representative 
NP -> didn ' t 
NP -> the main subject 
NP -> arab sheikhs ' 
NP -> the racist zionist regime 
NP -> another bill 
NP -> difficult german students 
NP -> countries opec 
NP -> mehrabian 
NP -> leadership experts 
NP -> continental hotel 
NP -> gas outside of quota 
NP -> military bases 
NP -> the age ( aj ) 
NP -> all attributes 
NP -> disappointment 
NP -> the cooperation fund 
NP -> the general manager 's technical consultant 
NP -> the followers 
NP -> respect to demand for the medicines 
NP -> tomorrow ( saturday ) 
NP -> car fire flames 
NP -> boards 
NP -> forces from iraq 
NP -> the executive managers 
NP -> exports a cultural burden 
NP -> the total mind 
NP -> reporters in kuala lumpur 
NP -> the main viewpoint 
NP -> finances 
NP -> the following days 
NP -> humanity 
NP -> a heavy meal 
NP -> the current transfer line 
NP -> carpets 
NP -> the fuller craftsmen 
NP -> artistic power 
NP -> these questions 
NP -> prizes selection committee 
NP -> side 
NP -> an important factor 
NP -> the chairman 
NP -> efficient replying 
NP -> the main impediment for israel 
NP -> the landing 
NP -> no choice 
NP -> the palm of a hand 
NP -> movie director 
NP -> cooperatives 
NP -> these weapons 
NP -> the publication of a statement 
NP -> women affairs 
NP -> his role of a devoted general 
NP -> nawaz sharif 
NP -> the physical education organization 
NP -> the many capacities 
NP -> some of it 
NP -> statistics 
NP -> this work plan 
NP -> an upswing 
NP -> this car 
NP -> maziar miri 
NP -> the third floor 
NP -> formation of a parliamentary joint committee 
NP -> such circumstances 
NP -> russian permanent head 
NP -> your own 
NP -> the friday prayer in public squares 
NP -> a source 
NP -> the methods of banking system 
NP -> funds 
NP -> a little disbelief and fear 
NP -> the government with this regard 
NP -> the capital bank 
NP -> the payment of facilities 
NP -> your newspaper 
NP -> four small domes 
NP -> frank walter stein 
NP -> the new temporal conditions 
NP -> the rein of their affairs 
NP -> the pakistani army 
NP -> customers ' 
NP -> personnel 
NP -> the treat 
NP -> a neighborhood named tappeh sar 
NP -> this term in negative meaning 
NP -> building 
NP -> its time 
NP -> malaysia ( barnama ) 
NP -> this devotee 
NP -> both men and situations 
NP -> arak 
NP -> the issue of barrier wall 
NP -> his holiness 
NP -> hozeh and university 
NP -> activities in the organizations 
NP -> this experience 
NP -> a response 
NP -> the ages 
NP -> a large size 
NP -> sexual issues 
NP -> a variety of functions 
NP -> the continuation 
NP -> direct talks 
NP -> the deviation 
NP -> experimental sciences 
NP -> full cooperation 
NP -> this morning ' 
NP -> superior playing 
NP -> safai 
NP -> america 's action 
NP -> a long course 
NP -> the decisive determination 
NP -> trading for stock market indices 
NP -> the month of sha ` ban 
NP -> the bills 
NP -> majority 
NP -> problems in the region 
NP -> this ecotourism specialist 
NP -> the reconstruction 
NP -> their name 
NP -> all great plans 
NP -> destruction of this trend 
NP -> course ministry of sciences directive 
NP -> the welfare 
NP -> first century 
NP -> this egypt 
NP -> a refinery 
NP -> its naval force 
NP -> the maronist church 
NP -> isteaza meaning that man 
NP -> the pursuit of spending 
NP -> a balance between form and content 
NP -> the championship title 
NP -> a kind of lawbreaking and disrespect 
NP -> the supervisory board 
NP -> sanctions on their own 
NP -> their realistic understanding 
NP -> the arrangement of house stuff 
NP -> paid loans 
NP -> the ratification of the third resolution 
NP -> lunch and performance 
NP -> a valuable old book 
NP -> the expansion 
NP -> outstanding claims 
NP -> common television 
NP -> berlin 
NP -> the place of my residence 
NP -> their foreign competitors 
NP -> the ` high council of supervision 
NP -> people placards and propagandistic pamphlets 
NP -> iran ' s decisive policy 
NP -> darul khaleej daily 
NP -> the end of hamas 
NP -> the honor 
NP -> the american commandment in this country 
NP -> the turkish republic 
NP -> diseases of tuberculosis 
NP -> beirut due to a bombing 
NP -> the state judiciary 
NP -> the domain of recycling 
NP -> moslems ' hearts 
NP -> the regions 
NP -> way of access 
NP -> generation 
NP -> insult 
NP -> some persistence 
NP -> the parliamentary and provincial affairs assistant 
NP -> saderat activity 
NP -> everyday increase 
NP -> david 's mountain 
NP -> the consumption pattern 
NP -> a subset 
NP -> europe 
NP -> the turkish government 
NP -> business possibilities 
NP -> the severe protest 
NP -> four others 
NP -> israel and america 
NP -> agenda 
NP -> the mega 
NP -> the processes of sanitizing vegetables 
NP -> a religion 
NP -> a decision in this regard 
NP -> the gas exporting countries 
NP -> the warming 
NP -> this zone 
NP -> the latest statement 
NP -> our people 's social memory 
NP -> this increase 
NP -> similarity 
NP -> offering donations 
NP -> carnal temptations 
NP -> the changes of these times 
NP -> the global day 
NP -> the amount 
NP -> previous administrations 
NP -> a desire 
NP -> the iran 's national team 's 
NP -> iranian experts 
NP -> the youth community this city 
NP -> impact 
NP -> their financial and career situations 
NP -> research enrichment 
NP -> more profit and benefit 
NP -> people in imam ' s objection 
NP -> proof 
NP -> perspiration 
NP -> disease 
NP -> the issues iran 
NP -> the islamic council 
NP -> intellectualism 's 
NP -> the best player present 
NP -> humans 
NP -> full cooperation in case 
NP -> its ego 
NP -> the honor of dear iran 
NP -> its mission 
NP -> tehran 's taxis 
NP -> the thinkers 
NP -> the planned schedule 
NP -> the eid fetr prayer 
NP -> its turn 
NP -> conformity 
NP -> difficulties 
NP -> differences with imam 
NP -> the steel market 
NP -> iranian merchants to iraq 
NP -> china 's exchanges 
NP -> a news conference in new delhi 
NP -> nineteen twenty years old 
NP -> parand , karaj and tehran 
NP -> member of pakistan parliament 
NP -> turkey 's council 
NP -> the mentioned characteristic 
NP -> party ( p ... 
NP -> poetry in this period 
NP -> masoud 's collection 
NP -> my duties 
NP -> selfishness and greed 
NP -> the president of syria to turkey 
NP -> leather 
NP -> local and foreign markets 
NP -> threat and pressure 
NP -> their function 
NP -> toronto canada 
NP -> david vikari 
NP -> france ' s presidential palace sarkozy 
NP -> education in the micro industry 
NP -> olympics in the house of taekwondo 
NP -> industrial enrichment 
NP -> toffi 's 
NP -> a balance 
NP -> robbers and tricksters 
NP -> the way social security plan 
NP -> the high goals 
NP -> the plans 
NP -> the main objective 
NP -> the coordination deputy 
NP -> a field marshal 
NP -> its support of it 
NP -> complaint 
NP -> the television japan 
NP -> subjects 
NP -> the corps in the assigned missions 
NP -> mahmoud 
NP -> tehran and tokyo 
NP -> the blood stream 
NP -> our cultural heritage 
NP -> agency 
NP -> our being and nonbeing 
NP -> this political and news circles 
NP -> ali abdullah saleh 
NP -> bush stated 
NP -> tourism islamic republic of iran 
NP -> honda accord in china 
NP -> morality and behavior 
NP -> hatamikia 's 
NP -> committees 
NP -> some of the groups 
NP -> a special importance 
NP -> political and social threats 
NP -> the leaking 
NP -> the snake of negligence 
NP -> our leaders 
NP -> iraq 's prisons 
NP -> international organizations 
NP -> full of fragrant 
NP -> partiality 
NP -> disciplinary punishments 
NP -> people 's sensitivity 
NP -> the leopard 
NP -> the forming 
NP -> turkey and some arab countries 
NP -> the first three months 
NP -> the method of gas 
NP -> the environmentalists 
NP -> any need 
NP -> the most important spot 
NP -> the darfur crisis 
NP -> two side 
NP -> workers ` insurance 
NP -> myth , tale and hearsay 
NP -> the muslim people of iran 
NP -> the formation of the stock market 
NP -> two houses 
NP -> the major incident of this night 
NP -> the installed protractors 
NP -> exchange 
NP -> the schoolteachers 
NP -> some days 
NP -> drop 
NP -> mohadess 
NP -> the then commander 
NP -> table for the pull 
NP -> the language 
NP -> the activity of this main media 
NP -> this chapter 
NP -> this budget 
NP -> these wars 
NP -> lack of security 
NP -> the other hand russia 
NP -> work of the banking units 
NP -> fishing 
NP -> i ' m 
NP -> serbia today 
NP -> the city 
NP -> dr shirazi 
NP -> one cup 
NP -> the word investment motive 
NP -> naderian and introduction of mohammad kazem 
NP -> championship 
NP -> the market of steel and iron 
NP -> the american republican senator 
NP -> detailed information 
NP -> its promise 
NP -> a gift 
NP -> the riverside 
NP -> a few weeks 
NP -> the vet 
NP -> this country 's coordination 
NP -> main problems and dilemmas 
NP -> medical morality 
NP -> cube insert inside tea 
NP -> a bad effect 
NP -> today ' s meeting 
NP -> military superiority of this regime 
NP -> the director of the military forces 
NP -> the oil minister of arabia 
NP -> pessimism 
NP -> france police 
NP -> bhutto 
NP -> no room for any words 
NP -> reza sotoodeh fallah 
NP -> $ year in a talk 
NP -> larger number 
NP -> negotiations that were done last week 
NP -> israeli standpoints in this country 
NP -> their losses 
NP -> the ocean 
NP -> the legislator 
NP -> the gathering isfahan 
NP -> civil and medical 
NP -> new york times 
NP -> the international multilateral co - ownership 
NP -> other cars 
NP -> hamilton report america 
NP -> an astronaut to hubble 
NP -> the '' loans 
NP -> the peaceful atomic energy sector 
NP -> my wife 
NP -> river water 
NP -> the sport centres 
NP -> moslemin 
NP -> minorities ' rights one 
NP -> tangible results 
NP -> mirase khabar 
NP -> seyed kamil tayebi 
NP -> natural vision 
NP -> interests of that country 
NP -> the high committee 
NP -> belief 
NP -> putin 's choice as his successor 
NP -> based institutions 
NP -> sanction situations 
NP -> nigeria 
NP -> petraeus 
NP -> many discussions 
NP -> the experts of trade development organization 
NP -> the reliance 
NP -> the duties and missions 
NP -> rajim or astaeez 
NP -> the authority 
NP -> the precarious position 
NP -> geographical place of the site 
NP -> november 
NP -> the awakening 
NP -> other nations and people 
NP -> society men 
NP -> imam mousa sadr 
NP -> protection from it 
NP -> the desire 
NP -> the first gathering 
NP -> the belief 
NP -> other members 
NP -> jerusalem 
NP -> central asian 
NP -> turkish kurd insurgents 
NP -> the example 
NP -> the anticipated result 
NP -> a memoir 
NP -> a fundamental and effective image 
NP -> the course of history 
NP -> the expansion of relation 
NP -> palestinian children 
NP -> the multitude 
NP -> arab countries 
NP -> the successful presence 
NP -> agustin 's 
NP -> the doors 
NP -> few fire fighters 
NP -> jealous actions 
NP -> syrian high 
NP -> more factors 
NP -> the embellishment of divine morals 
NP -> sugar cube 
NP -> good steps 
NP -> the perseverance of iranian people 
NP -> the committee for financial securing 
NP -> international observers 
NP -> the reflection 
NP -> the enemies of the iranian nation 
NP -> the ambulance 
NP -> a usual case in flights 
NP -> generally this term 
NP -> red ribbon 
NP -> fuel licences 
NP -> greedy 
NP -> the international conference 
NP -> inability of home buyers 
NP -> eid 
NP -> issuance of permit 
NP -> the commemoration ceremony 
NP -> the entrance of the house 
NP -> shahrud and bojnurd cold storages 
NP -> the representatives of the backward east 
NP -> this very reason 
NP -> saddam 's 
NP -> daily bread , employment 
NP -> the tissues of the hand 
NP -> competitiveness 
NP -> the province of golestan 
NP -> such organization 
NP -> any politician 
NP -> an international peacekeeper force 
NP -> one billion rials 
NP -> other warehouses 
NP -> iraq ' s embassy 
NP -> continuous contact different cultures 
NP -> the invention of lumiere brothers 
NP -> payment of their mortgage 
NP -> the test on the dolphins 
NP -> the jurisdiction 
NP -> e shahi 
NP -> this martyred commander 
NP -> those days 
NP -> a bustle 
NP -> the efficiency level 
NP -> the light of this 
NP -> many richter scales 
NP -> the insured and individuals 
NP -> the permit 
NP -> a means of communication 
NP -> evolutionary view toward science 
NP -> the sensitivity 
NP -> a suitable coordination 
NP -> zobe ahan 
NP -> theft 
NP -> this discovery 
NP -> mind 
NP -> minds of all and unconsciousness 
NP -> nearly one month 
NP -> first 
NP -> the systematization 
NP -> the necessary tools 
NP -> due time 
NP -> charge of '' valdir putin '' 
NP -> its own special structure 
NP -> the service personnel 
NP -> a hundred percent change 
NP -> the holy system 
NP -> a news conference 
NP -> a place for worry and regret 
NP -> success of iranian team 
NP -> quota 
NP -> the cultural authorities 
NP -> the parties 
NP -> instability in the region 
NP -> saddam 
NP -> the building workshop 
NP -> the economic prosperity 
NP -> the thieves was arrested 
NP -> bombardment of northern iraq 
NP -> suitable policies 
NP -> the end of the day 
NP -> high consumption of automobiles in iran 
NP -> public institutions 
NP -> existing threats 
NP -> their hands and eyes 
NP -> these articles 
NP -> sharia and religion 
NP -> elections in polyarchy 
NP -> the final statement 
NP -> one castle 
NP -> threats 
NP -> fire fighting organization 
NP -> thirst and hunger 
NP -> a child 
NP -> domestic and foreign arenas 
NP -> the biggest opposition party 
NP -> this military occupation clear goal 
NP -> mr. keyhaninejad 's problem 
NP -> the housing market of this city 
NP -> any path 
NP -> withdrawal of forces from iraq 
NP -> a number 
NP -> defense ministry in iraq 
NP -> beneficial and effective individuals 
NP -> the cycle of nuclear technology 
NP -> a very short period 
NP -> ayatollah meshkini 
NP -> the internal problems 
NP -> one of the treatment 
NP -> an european defense organization 
NP -> production works and the necessary documents 
NP -> the achievements of the republic 
NP -> these evolutions 
NP -> university consultation centers 
NP -> the rate of exchange 
NP -> psychological disorders 
NP -> her self 
NP -> the delegation of the european parliament 
NP -> exporting of technical services and engineering 
NP -> the national symbol 
NP -> the leaders of hamas 
NP -> a schedule 
NP -> them such as antiperspirants 
NP -> education 
NP -> the plan of hertzel 
NP -> this club 
NP -> an insignificant amount of controlled water 
NP -> internal situation 
NP -> absorbs 
NP -> iranian officials 
NP -> the smallest disputed issue 
NP -> workers 
NP -> the government programs 
NP -> surgery in new york 
NP -> land and housing in shahre 
NP -> the investigation about this inhumane event 
NP -> raghb added 
NP -> the official ceremonies 
NP -> self realization 
NP -> agustin 's point 
NP -> the initial credit 
NP -> export of province 
NP -> early 
NP -> an adage 
NP -> his statements 
NP -> dolbeshk heights 
NP -> the referee council 
NP -> the pass four to five times 
NP -> the sisters ' 
NP -> japan 's self 
NP -> fact delivery of lands and facilities 
NP -> this gathering 
NP -> the first time basketball 
NP -> an illegitimate commanding hierarchy 
NP -> soviet republics 
NP -> the tanks 
NP -> special rooms 
NP -> the oil price 
NP -> the pakistani military 
NP -> the commanders 
NP -> father 
NP -> side issue 
NP -> such a system 
NP -> the tools and incentives 
NP -> spending huge expenses 
NP -> the serious disease 
NP -> the german ministry 
NP -> the first constitution of this union 
NP -> a directive 
NP -> the site of commercial companies 
NP -> these rock 
NP -> the various needs 
NP -> revolutionary guard 
NP -> the people 's indisposition for construction 
NP -> yazd etelaat reporter 
NP -> its publication 
NP -> public and private organizations 
NP -> russia 
NP -> satisfaction and receiption 
NP -> international price 
NP -> titles 
NP -> this important arena 
NP -> bab alnabi 
NP -> the month of opportunities 
NP -> a group of stratums 
NP -> the centeral government ' s rebels 
NP -> the first class league 
NP -> the stances 
NP -> the last moment 
NP -> these un 
NP -> the regions such as central asia 
NP -> the national anthems of two countries 
NP -> humanities 
NP -> the meeting with feisal al 
NP -> death adu ja'affar 
NP -> inexperience 
NP -> the expanding time 
NP -> these facilities into the market 
NP -> the new strategic system 
NP -> functions 
NP -> elections 
NP -> ideals 
NP -> the received loan 
NP -> the danger 
NP -> the request 
NP -> carelessness 
NP -> crisis generating regions 
NP -> any spot 
NP -> foreign policy 
NP -> brigadier general pilot karim ghavami 
NP -> cooking oil 
NP -> contrary to dictatorship in polyarchy people 
NP -> this morning 
NP -> elmegharebeh 
NP -> the funds allocated for growth centers 
NP -> the case of cash increase 
NP -> command ' 
NP -> anyone in this regard 
NP -> the consolidation 
NP -> its muslim minority 
NP -> repayment and receipt of banking claims 
NP -> k '' , hatoyama 
NP -> the goals of the system 
NP -> this road 
NP -> these incidences 
NP -> party forces ( p ... 
NP -> volfowitz 
NP -> indifference 
NP -> a transitive and essential matter 
NP -> such behavior 
NP -> ipsoss 
NP -> the clock 
NP -> fire fighters 
NP -> those individuals 
NP -> keepers 
NP -> reaction 
NP -> their incorrect action 
NP -> the viewpoints 
NP -> four sides of the main dome 
NP -> the legal committee 
NP -> mehr doctors of royal brampton 
NP -> general '' william fallon '' 
NP -> especially members of opec 
NP -> syrian baath party battery '' 
NP -> spanish forces 
NP -> mutual respect and tolerance 
NP -> moods comprehensive issues 
NP -> crisis 
NP -> a secular coalition 
NP -> the houses 
NP -> regime and reopening 
NP -> relationship with zionist regime 
NP -> the arabia ' s minister 
NP -> her daughters ' 
NP -> the growth 
NP -> other areas in baluchastan 
NP -> most 
NP -> complete evacuation 
NP -> sim cards 
NP -> characteristics in a way 
NP -> four civilians 
NP -> tavarikh val ghesas 
NP -> the agreement or opposition 
NP -> an evidence 
NP -> compensating shortages 
NP -> hu jingtao 
NP -> development and amplification 
NP -> my selection 
NP -> iran ' s foreign policy 
NP -> any conflicts 
NP -> the related regulation 
NP -> professors , university students and students 
NP -> economic crimes 
NP -> iraq ' s boarders 
NP -> west bank 
NP -> papua new guinea 
NP -> opposition parties 
NP -> the intended weight 
NP -> a monopoly 
NP -> conductors of electrical current 
NP -> the fronts of truth 
NP -> the currency reserve account 
NP -> maryland united states 
NP -> their world power 
NP -> newspapers and american 
NP -> many of internal living related problems 
NP -> the more delay in marriage 
NP -> course not as a catastrophe 
NP -> a substance 
NP -> perkash karat and e 
NP -> the desire of enemies 
NP -> historical , cultural and civilization regions 
NP -> iran 's industrial abilities 
NP -> the existing laws 
NP -> trade ministry 
NP -> fahmideh 
NP -> a good structure and many experts 
NP -> the signature of the oslo convention 
NP -> my belief 
NP -> afghanistan 
NP -> an unpredicted 
NP -> georgia by issuing a note 
NP -> the top of a high 
NP -> the mentioned newspaper 
NP -> really self - construction , '' 
NP -> the functional area 
NP -> the left native mayayi 
NP -> tradition and innovation 
NP -> the ministry of commerce 
NP -> the valuable heritages of iran 
NP -> meaning health and hygiene 
NP -> the i - limb 
NP -> the indication deep sorrow aminpour 
NP -> step and trench 
NP -> this international conspiracy 
NP -> driver 's diversion 
NP -> kobra house > 
NP -> the president in new york 
NP -> politicians 
NP -> the republic member of congress 
NP -> the other hand between them 
NP -> the words god 
NP -> the oil field 
NP -> french news agency 
NP -> less than one percent 
NP -> fighting 
NP -> the gravity 
NP -> no problem 
NP -> a few different paths 
NP -> its production and this problem 
NP -> europe ' s foreign policy 
NP -> japan 's national 
NP -> tv radio union 
NP -> no representative 
NP -> the same problems 
NP -> establishment of a new single front 
NP -> mr. solana 
NP -> a geographical point 
NP -> the place of my reign 
NP -> the stalwarts 
NP -> the will of god 
NP -> the caviar fish 
NP -> this behavior 
NP -> bakhtegon 
NP -> the time agha 
NP -> the political observers 
NP -> other various ways 
NP -> any expertise 
NP -> the rulers ' council 
NP -> layer aspect 
NP -> unilateral foreign media 
NP -> previous borders 
NP -> its personnel 
NP -> poursorkh 's defense 
NP -> a great job 
NP -> individual 
NP -> raisons 
NP -> deutsche welle '' 
NP -> nakhjavan 
NP -> avarice 
NP -> terrorist organizations 
NP -> he and others 
NP -> the compositions of slush cement 
NP -> this important cultural topic 
NP -> his robberies 
NP -> coalition troops 
NP -> some information segments of foreign services 
NP -> the battlefronts confront the enemy 
NP -> the centeral government ' 
NP -> the surplus 
NP -> a shelter 
NP -> the targets 
NP -> this movement 
NP -> nothing 
NP -> the title of gharz 
NP -> effort to reeducate personnel 
NP -> the expensiveness 
NP -> mankind ' s food requirements 
NP -> continuance reference 
NP -> the seventeenth provincial session 
NP -> the issues of the caspian 
NP -> the shinhoa news agency 
NP -> this pursuit 
NP -> firstly investigation in other areas 
NP -> the assimilated person 
NP -> the law and its relevant regulations 
NP -> ferdossi 
NP -> a hidden fight 
NP -> any other people ' s government 
NP -> evaluation 
NP -> the production of low cost housing 
NP -> the field of politics too 
NP -> the agent of cholera sickness 
NP -> performance 
NP -> a normal temperature without bodily activity 
NP -> the next week session 
NP -> health care systems 
NP -> such an honor by my colleagues 
NP -> the upper parts 
NP -> ms shaha reza 
NP -> other aspect countries 
NP -> the manifestation of his smuggling activities 
NP -> the revolution and the republic 
NP -> business 
NP -> these plans 
NP -> a weapon 
NP -> day in the country 
NP -> hereupon 
NP -> the existing equipments 
NP -> the behaviors 
NP -> turkish military activities 
NP -> answering 
NP -> the micro industries 
NP -> the center area 
NP -> malek abdullah ii 
NP -> specific and acceptable work 
NP -> bahrain ' s foreign minister 
NP -> the political structure 
NP -> her teammates 
NP -> these negotiations 
NP -> turkey against the north of iraq 
NP -> equivalents for these terms 
NP -> a confirmation 
NP -> some objections 
NP -> shomali 
NP -> the last decade 
NP -> iraq rayon croker 
NP -> the perspective of the remaining simoom 
NP -> the national capital market 
NP -> any obligation 
NP -> error 
NP -> models of living 
NP -> the iraqi scene 
NP -> the messenger 
NP -> south 
NP -> the process of reactions extended 
NP -> the accuracy of these claims 
NP -> the price of housing 
NP -> senate majority leader 
NP -> gouti 's place in this team 
NP -> the frothy water 
NP -> some issues we need time 
NP -> the aljezireh news network 
NP -> appropriate facilities 
NP -> the level type of bank deposits 
NP -> the attraction of the friday prayer 
NP -> the player position 
NP -> the main office 
NP -> the iranian 
NP -> the creation of these subjects 
NP -> imam moosa sadr 
NP -> eye sight 
NP -> the policy makers 
NP -> planning of trade ministry 
NP -> genetic potato 
NP -> current week 
NP -> the innovation 
NP -> such remarks 
NP -> accidents and illnesses 
NP -> the iraqi delegation 
NP -> banisadr 's removal 
NP -> term treatment 
NP -> the embassies 
NP -> its controlling center 
NP -> battlefronts 
NP -> the time of oppression 
NP -> bewilderment '' 
NP -> political open space 
NP -> objective and positivistic 
NP -> months 
NP -> self - making 
NP -> the wounded thief 
NP -> the imprisonment records doesn ' t 
NP -> an interview with an irna journalist 
NP -> economic ties of the two countries 
NP -> the rise of such crimes 
NP -> the situation of jerusalem 
NP -> unreachable goals 
NP -> various contracts 
NP -> a indigenous art 
NP -> humanity community 
NP -> its impact 
NP -> the settlement place 
NP -> the intent 
NP -> gholamhussein elham 
NP -> shone 
NP -> americans they can not evade 
NP -> this ceremony ayatollah ostadi 
NP -> ethics 
NP -> the notice 
NP -> amir ismail samani 
NP -> the families 
NP -> finance ministers 
NP -> the existence of stability in afghanistan 
NP -> traders and businessmen 
NP -> this discussion 
NP -> obligation 
NP -> a growth 
NP -> the obvious attributes of moezipour 
NP -> maybe such a felicity 
NP -> side programs of this fair 
NP -> the boy 
NP -> the passengers of these stations 
NP -> this huge tree 
NP -> peranab mokergy 
NP -> washigtom 
NP -> greek citizens 
NP -> master tajvidi 's film 
NP -> the international week 
NP -> the ministry of culture 
NP -> person 
NP -> sabeti 
NP -> alphabetical 
NP -> landmines 
NP -> this book 
NP -> five member consulate 
NP -> owners 
NP -> the internationalism 
NP -> active individuals 
NP -> current realities of the world 
NP -> the committee 
NP -> bottles of water 
NP -> this results 
NP -> mohadess - e armavi 
NP -> defense missile equipments 
NP -> none of the competitions intense 
NP -> transmission of turkmenistan 's electricity power 
NP -> this differentiating feature 
NP -> god and divine eternal power 
NP -> zahedan 's 
NP -> the public about the panther 
NP -> its light 
NP -> these five countries 
NP -> coins 
NP -> the placement agencies 
NP -> a worthy help 
NP -> bagheri lankarani 
NP -> previous negotiations concerning the plutonium issue 
NP -> iran koran agency ( ikna ) 
NP -> union ial joan 
NP -> sayed reza razavi 
NP -> war and call 
NP -> the way of aspirations 
NP -> this boundless virtual world 
NP -> the row 
NP -> sim card gift 
NP -> the current developments 
NP -> the president of united states 
NP -> the continuation of the path 
NP -> their concern and fear 
NP -> hormuz strait 
NP -> housing cooperatives 
NP -> pupils and students 
NP -> the adjustment of the forces 
NP -> the commencement 
NP -> second of all being killed 
NP -> the specific religious programs 
NP -> a catastrophe 
NP -> a good relationship 
NP -> esteem 
NP -> $ year and the southern borders 
NP -> dhok province of iraq the causalities 
NP -> the national bank 
NP -> the process 
NP -> late next year 
NP -> their delivery rights shares 
NP -> the chairmanship 
NP -> a necessity 
NP -> customs and taxes of the government 
NP -> defense minister of bush 
NP -> the household furniture drop 
NP -> doesn ' t matter 
NP -> market value 
NP -> every fire fighter 
NP -> onakitan and it 
NP -> the preliminary stages 
NP -> the monetary changes 
NP -> mansouri 
NP -> operations of the us air force 
NP -> an expert of the investment market 
NP -> earthenware and ceramics 
NP -> damascus al 
NP -> the cry 
NP -> the third day 
NP -> folic acid 
NP -> mismanagement 
NP -> a technical point of view 
NP -> the decorators 
NP -> the observer 
NP -> the reciprocal actions of moscow 
NP -> the promise 
NP -> the standstill 
NP -> similar stories 
NP -> a massage 
NP -> the bread of life 
NP -> the head of hamadan trade organization 
NP -> jiroft in the islamic consultative assembly 
NP -> kosovo serbs 
NP -> the government 's movement towards stability 
NP -> a short time spread 
NP -> the council to approve the rates 
NP -> this regime and its fake nation 
NP -> the big power vacuum 
NP -> one side and the army 
NP -> the domestic news 
NP -> the i 
NP -> the france news agency 
NP -> the marriage 
NP -> an excuse and justification 
NP -> goods 
NP -> the valuable heritages 
NP -> a water crisis and conditions 
NP -> the assistants 
NP -> the financial situation of the country 
NP -> ministers ' 
NP -> the loyal supporters 
NP -> nature in the era of myths 
NP -> indexes 
NP -> western and eastern azarbaijan 
NP -> his materialistic and spiritual interests 
NP -> a more clear example concerning this 
NP -> moments 
NP -> the readiness for creation and willingness 
NP -> four centuries 
NP -> a guideline 
NP -> impurity 
NP -> the university and executive fields 
NP -> market to market privatization 
NP -> newspapers 
NP -> such fairs 
NP -> the construction of these two rigs 
NP -> recent months which is false news 
NP -> serious and determined stances 
NP -> the guardian 
NP -> china 
NP -> the activities of the pk insurgents 
NP -> the dining table 
NP -> several and corporation plans 
NP -> nouri al-maliki 's 
NP -> six 
NP -> active encounter forms 
NP -> the wrestlers 
NP -> a nightmare 
NP -> reza darvish 
NP -> a long - term investment 
NP -> the main concern 
NP -> this tree 
NP -> the elimination of saddam 
NP -> this track 
NP -> the head of the judiciary branch 
NP -> custom cooperation 
NP -> iran ' s verse 
NP -> planets 
NP -> a poor family 
NP -> big petroleum companies 
NP -> a technical and operational committee 
NP -> the first constitution 
NP -> the name of supporting democracy 
NP -> foreword 
NP -> no sharp object 
NP -> exhaustion and sleepiness 
NP -> hamas and the fall of fatah 
NP -> the coup detat 
NP -> such relations 
NP -> honours and medals 
NP -> enemies 
NP -> eco ' 
NP -> the best product 
NP -> his dignified father imam 
NP -> general newton 
NP -> truth and reality 
NP -> energy affairs in response 
NP -> the decorators of small spaces 
NP -> bagher nabavi 
NP -> a new experience for our team 
NP -> iran 's islamic revolution 
NP -> information technology 
NP -> the occurrence of such incidents 
NP -> these sheikhs 
NP -> the other side of the stream 
NP -> people 
NP -> priority 
NP -> hygiene deputy 
NP -> this region in hand 
NP -> banisadr 
NP -> this introduction 
NP -> the next general elections 
NP -> the low income people 
NP -> the high commission for offering 
NP -> the internal situation of russia 
NP -> the legal commission 
NP -> the drafting 
NP -> anywhere 
NP -> close cooperation 
NP -> its cooperation 
NP -> rasul 
NP -> multilaterally 
NP -> all countries of the region 
NP -> various parts of the country 
NP -> the execution of tehran 
NP -> fruitful life 
NP -> an extensive coverage of the news 
NP -> character and numerous philanthropic activities 
NP -> the president and the cabinet 
NP -> six years 
NP -> the advocacy 
NP -> the stretching 
NP -> bijand 
NP -> the total absence 
NP -> the russian resources 
NP -> these remarks 
NP -> the iraqi officials 
NP -> the wife and husband 
NP -> these conditions lack 
NP -> the data bases 
NP -> persian gulf 
NP -> the subject 
NP -> medicine 
NP -> the order 
NP -> tableaux 
NP -> debate and suggestions 
NP -> reuters : in coming days 
NP -> the same level 
NP -> the next two years 
NP -> their commitments treaty 
NP -> the general assembly 
NP -> the leaders of the three countries 
NP -> the service of the iranian nation 
NP -> the relationship of russia and iran 
NP -> the historical monument 
NP -> the present question 
NP -> the palestine self rule orgaization 
NP -> a certain drama 
NP -> such color fruits 
NP -> imam khomeini ( rh ) 
NP -> beautiful wings and feathers 
NP -> the previous mayor 
NP -> the centre 
NP -> this separation 
NP -> the principle of freedom of belief 
NP -> all the participants 
NP -> the brothers ' segment javad moghiseh 
NP -> defense navy 
NP -> the legal right 
NP -> the natanz facilities 
NP -> bahrain and zionist 
NP -> the white house spokesperson 
NP -> the marsh of their behavior 
NP -> the expertise 
NP -> their statesmen 
NP -> the expert team 
NP -> drugs gangsters 
NP -> an ideal society 
NP -> the end of conversation with him 
NP -> our people 's 
NP -> strategic and international studies 
NP -> the level of expectations 
NP -> a sever competition 
NP -> such a dangerous world 
NP -> security problems 
NP -> iran and zimbabwe friendship 
NP -> the viewpoints of fatah and hamas 
NP -> a faster exit of the american 
NP -> the fifth shiite imam 
NP -> any free and fair person 
NP -> construction material 
NP -> the new occupiers 
NP -> the united states president 's statement 
NP -> inflation and unemployment 
NP -> trouble 
NP -> their dignity 
NP -> its army 
NP -> kohgiluye bowayr 
NP -> a quick retreat 
NP -> berginski 
NP -> an expert 
NP -> cinema day 
NP -> the assembly of experts in regard 
NP -> bank melli of iran 
NP -> prevention of squander 
NP -> the systems 
NP -> dormitory 
NP -> chirac 
NP -> a new start for this country 
NP -> the hygienic issues of pistachio exports 
NP -> the ancient and sports one 
NP -> an emotional point of view 
NP -> the studying 
NP -> the face of the new civilization 
NP -> analogue televisions for years 
NP -> good and stronger dialogues 
NP -> directors of the non 
NP -> midnight 
NP -> architecture 
NP -> the smell of paper books 
NP -> this group 
NP -> the weapon 
NP -> its necessity 
NP -> esfahan and maryam samet 
NP -> nearly three decades 
NP -> the regional crises 
NP -> pride creator 
NP -> rivers 
NP -> the glass of the stores 
NP -> one trade partner 
NP -> the causation 
NP -> the strategic prevention 
NP -> the zionist regime under the u 
NP -> esfahan boys . 
NP -> no obstacle 
NP -> good masters 
NP -> russ wilson us ambassador in turkey 
NP -> the bass shakvi sector 
NP -> borujird 
NP -> some points 
NP -> the shortage of earth water resources 
NP -> the summits of science and technology 
NP -> the orators 
NP -> the team of iran 
NP -> producers in the agricultural sector 
NP -> pakdasht kayhan reporter 
NP -> their own 
NP -> the price and type 
NP -> avenue saadi 
NP -> the root 
NP -> defense naval force 
NP -> his followers 
NP -> fact giving over lands and facilities 
NP -> the embassy of france 
NP -> july $ year 
NP -> completely positive report cards in regard 
NP -> its ideological and practical aspects 
NP -> the first female police 
NP -> lorestan 
NP -> health and treatment and doctor 
NP -> japan and just a momentary action 
NP -> opposition 
NP -> the trade council 's 
NP -> more 
NP -> the newest case 
NP -> the analysts 
NP -> a wet towel 
NP -> the councils 
NP -> the minor role 
NP -> your suggestion 
NP -> hatamiki 
NP -> another opportunity 
NP -> the middle east strategies 
NP -> the presidential elections of guatemala 
NP -> ali mohammadi ' and omid bonakdar 
NP -> ashkhabad 
NP -> related accounts 
NP -> this act 
NP -> ashargh 
NP -> this center 
NP -> specialized committees 
NP -> its boarders 
NP -> barezani 
NP -> his own pleasure 
NP -> the fatah movement 
NP -> this divine book 
NP -> this consensus 
NP -> the subject of '' relations 
NP -> a military operation 
NP -> two consecutive meetings 
NP -> the nationwide union 
NP -> the most widespread types 
NP -> sanction 
NP -> a glance at his life 
NP -> the training camps for national team 
NP -> this disease for unknown reasons 
NP -> this contract 
NP -> the final phases of this chart 
NP -> parvar region 
NP -> this racism 
NP -> shahr - e - kord 
NP -> the extent and comprehensiveness 
NP -> the values 
NP -> religion 
NP -> these attacks 
NP -> specialized services 
NP -> the south of iraq 
NP -> russia ' 
NP -> the execution of us 
NP -> government support policies 
NP -> atomic energy agency 
NP -> the compression 
NP -> no means supporting 
NP -> export to traders and businessmen 
NP -> the occupied palestine 
NP -> elections ` violence 
NP -> front of the door call 
NP -> this level in maleki 's cabinet 
NP -> the high counsel 
NP -> the birth of hunger 
NP -> the high council 
NP -> its political and national destiny 
NP -> basketball 
NP -> only the phlegm of the bowels 
NP -> the approval of the resolution 
NP -> customs and conventions 
NP -> the foreign films 
NP -> pesticides 
NP -> somebody or something 
NP -> the state ' s large prisons 
NP -> the general structural principles 
NP -> market fortune and rise 
NP -> the name of father 
NP -> iraq 's kurdistan 
NP -> statues of courage 
NP -> the room 
NP -> relief for ardor 
NP -> the attendees 
NP -> pistachio exports 
NP -> the economical assemblies 
NP -> petroleum exporting countries 
NP -> the ground for merchants and producers 
NP -> trout breeders 
NP -> both guards 
NP -> veins 
NP -> the second success 
NP -> abstain 
NP -> psychologists 
NP -> this organization ' 
NP -> the second phase 
NP -> bank melli 
NP -> exaggerated behaviors 
NP -> the manager 
NP -> some consortiums 
NP -> an appropriate solution 
NP -> tomorrow ' s flooding 
NP -> the ankara government bill 
NP -> grey color 
NP -> encountering sources 
NP -> a forged scenario 
NP -> the closing statement 
NP -> general election 
NP -> the exports of earthenware and ceramics 
NP -> the cultural counselor 
NP -> the mischief 
NP -> the model of the islamic republic 
NP -> cultural issues 
NP -> the important and basic principles 
NP -> the national volleyball team 
NP -> governors 
NP -> the jewish government in reality 
NP -> the city of lord 
NP -> representatives of this country 
NP -> meshkin shahr in amir 
NP -> the kind and justice seeking government 
NP -> the chain stores in england 
NP -> the director of iraqi kurdistan region 
NP -> the obstacles of export issue 
NP -> the last phrase 
NP -> the oldest fire fighters 
NP -> stability in afghanistan 
NP -> executive shortcomings 
NP -> sharafkhana port 
NP -> expert in automobile industry 
NP -> the darfur region 
NP -> some million lines of farsi poems 
NP -> irna in vienna 
NP -> some degree the debates 
NP -> the hospital 
NP -> the activation 
NP -> iranian players in foreign leagues 
NP -> the names 
NP -> the legalization of this important program 
NP -> another note 
NP -> machimura 
NP -> the building 
NP -> the economic council 
NP -> building of new sophisticated weapons 
NP -> taekwondo players 
NP -> work 
NP -> printing 
NP -> silently 
NP -> the people of palestine 
NP -> the british foreign and defense ministers 
NP -> the perpetual occupation 
NP -> the optimized use 
NP -> the caspian sea neighboring universities 
NP -> the federation of public sports 
NP -> more outbreak of tuberculosis 
NP -> many tensions and side issues 
NP -> tavallaei 
NP -> shooting 
NP -> another group 
NP -> a lot of extravagance 
NP -> destruction of ancient works 
NP -> the friday preacher 
NP -> human rights in saudi arabia 
NP -> the importance of the religious 
NP -> many times 
NP -> an informed iraqi governmental source 
NP -> global market 
NP -> present because of unavailability needful necessities 
NP -> specific political movement 
NP -> the beginning of this stage 
NP -> patron 
NP -> compensation 
NP -> these new realms 
NP -> the hamas movement in a statement 
NP -> freestyle 
NP -> iranians problems 
NP -> a great part 
NP -> diplomatic and security cooperation 
NP -> turkmenistan 's electricity power 
NP -> today 's apartments 
NP -> the representative parliament 
NP -> support basket 
NP -> the goals of american 
NP -> the current month c . e 
NP -> india 's position 
NP -> farming and veterinary 
NP -> stability and enduring peace 
NP -> the plural of '' elite 
NP -> their nature 
NP -> the joy of eating 
NP -> oppressive powers 
NP -> the local production of flour 
NP -> farmanieh 
NP -> the reality of existence 
NP -> different age categories 
NP -> modification 
NP -> gholamreza heidari 
NP -> the director general of nato 
NP -> a sinister plot 
NP -> a unique ip 
NP -> the drawing of the work plan 
NP -> iran 's expert lawyers club 
NP -> saturday morning 
NP -> the offenders 
NP -> general musharraf 
NP -> the capitals of provinces and branches 
NP -> a major part 
NP -> the name of revolutionary guard 
NP -> a determined interval 
NP -> allen 
NP -> position and intensification 
NP -> monuchehr manteghi 
NP -> a birth 
NP -> hussein eshghi 
NP -> appropriate resources 
NP -> the program of honoring master khoram 
NP -> the past two weeks 
NP -> a bridge 
NP -> clusters 
NP -> other 's land 
NP -> these restrictions 
NP -> farmers 
NP -> delivery rights ' 
NP -> international regulations and norm 
NP -> the hubble project 
NP -> the groups 
NP -> the tests 
NP -> the decisions 
NP -> football of iran 
NP -> agricultural development 
NP -> esfahan province 's 
NP -> production works 
NP -> a stooge regime 
NP -> the confidence 
NP -> the iraqi people 's rights 
NP -> his individuality 
NP -> fortunately 
NP -> my son 
NP -> the first half 
NP -> nonparticipation 
NP -> the poems of amin pour 
NP -> mazvir abad and the full house 
NP -> imam asgari 's 
NP -> results worse than oslo 
NP -> the inauguration of a new bank 
NP -> the narrators 
NP -> a large lot 
NP -> the functioning of his / 
NP -> more seriousness 
NP -> the current martial law regulations 
NP -> the head of the privatization organization 
NP -> acceptable but from content point 
NP -> strengthening hamas 
NP -> the law of using weapons 
NP -> a service 
NP -> other people attending this meeting 
NP -> this infrastructure 
NP -> the aforementioned resolution reference 
NP -> the human force 
NP -> a suitable place 
NP -> resurrection 
NP -> the escaping forgers ' 
NP -> skills 
NP -> our benefit 
NP -> youth champion 
NP -> hour electricity 
NP -> different religions 
NP -> a joint peace document 
NP -> interest loan funds 
NP -> borders 
NP -> israel 's nuclear 
NP -> this village 
NP -> propaganda of this dignified imam 
NP -> the most interaction 
NP -> several instances 
NP -> the blessed heart of prophets 
NP -> this little display endeavors 
NP -> a revolutionist 
NP -> the secretarial 
NP -> cooperative units 
NP -> scientists and elites 
NP -> the birthday of mankind 's savior 
NP -> wisdom 
NP -> my automobile 
NP -> the country 's reputation 
NP -> the duty of human beings 
NP -> date leaves 
NP -> an indian professor 
NP -> football federation 
NP -> the radiological weaponry program 
NP -> great projects 
NP -> john bolton 
NP -> the key positions of the head 
NP -> ties between the two countries 
NP -> olympic games 
NP -> the window of your hotel room 
NP -> the variety 
NP -> cooperation and exchanging manuscripts 
NP -> the size of this office 
NP -> a nook 
NP -> this inhumane event 
NP -> protection 
NP -> bushehr power plant 
NP -> the independent missile defense plan 
NP -> imam asgari 's order 
NP -> initiation of customs 
NP -> the occupying regime 
NP -> intellectual and identical limitations 
NP -> the swamp 
NP -> no i 
NP -> its use 
NP -> the imposition 
NP -> particular the twentieth centuries 
NP -> uzbek subjects 
NP -> forwardness 
NP -> the injustices 
NP -> god 
NP -> professor '' roger 
NP -> western films 
NP -> their ugly behavior 
NP -> the committees 
NP -> justice and peace 
NP -> a book 
NP -> our country ' s wrestling environment 
NP -> this method 
NP -> the extraterritorial fighting 
NP -> piped water systems 
NP -> the land in question 
NP -> islam abad 
NP -> alavi fighting and asymmetric war 
NP -> the dear brothers and sisters 
NP -> the special quality 
NP -> pressure and heat 
NP -> russian activities 
NP -> parviz 
NP -> countries with an average income 
NP -> the central council 
NP -> the peaks of this great art 
NP -> contemporary outstanding poet 
NP -> boushehr governor 
NP -> the established rights and human rights 
NP -> the means of finding food resources 
NP -> savak 
NP -> the kindness 
NP -> full of foundations and values 
NP -> the title of pars passage 
NP -> a cinema 
NP -> millimeters 
NP -> seyed mohamad ali hosseini 
NP -> this presentation 
NP -> new thoughts 
NP -> any share 
NP -> bacon 
NP -> the city of mashad 
NP -> spirit and psyche 
NP -> the ceasefire 
NP -> today one 
NP -> the white house 's warmongering strategy 
NP -> more surveys 
NP -> a completely new phenomenon 
NP -> the highest percentage 
NP -> organization expressed 
NP -> one 's 
NP -> this clear scandal 
NP -> a tradition and technique 
NP -> specifications 
NP -> united nations ' representation 
NP -> thomas hobbs 
NP -> particular the necessity 
NP -> teachers 
NP -> global peace and security 
NP -> government 's steadfastness and commitment 
NP -> islamic republic press report mohammadreza soghandi 
NP -> a diplomat 
NP -> the supervising board 
NP -> these party games 
NP -> the increase oil price 
NP -> the production of science 
NP -> the marsh 
NP -> this extent 
NP -> the vivacity and progress of society 
NP -> the secretariat 
NP -> popular leaders 
NP -> the bad actions 
NP -> jordanian educational methods 
NP -> last week a disastrous action 
NP -> imam ' s resistance against capitulation 
NP -> the recent talks in tehran 
NP -> the apogee 
NP -> this significant president 's 
NP -> the number of our forces 
NP -> abortion 
NP -> mazandaran attention 
NP -> worse results 
NP -> the eastern art 
NP -> the u 
NP -> the increase in production 
NP -> other professions 
NP -> political ratifications 
NP -> domingo 
NP -> political groups of the country 
NP -> the school 
NP -> karaj gymnastic team 
NP -> strangers in network 
NP -> western european powers 
NP -> the investigations 
NP -> belousi saudi citizen 
NP -> these immigrants ' next generations 
NP -> this need 
NP -> the course of forty hours 
NP -> the non return of refugees 
NP -> hojatoleslam val moslemin mohammadi golpayegani 
NP -> such a matter 
NP -> the islam world 
NP -> this address of '' individual 
NP -> this area 
NP -> sagacity 
NP -> the transfer of some iranian players 
NP -> one another 
NP -> the diversion 
NP -> open air 
NP -> the margin of the caspian sea 
NP -> continuation of the increase in price 
NP -> the new money 
NP -> red lines 
NP -> the reminder 
NP -> the source 
NP -> day 
NP -> opec critics 
NP -> order 
NP -> the spiritual mortification 
NP -> quorum 
NP -> the formulation 
NP -> a specific article 
NP -> the masterpieces 
NP -> the mediating country 
NP -> the majority of its members 
NP -> the works 
NP -> the steps 
NP -> turkey 's supreme council 
NP -> not accompanying america 
NP -> a weak country 
NP -> these two subjects 
NP -> our war 
NP -> a prayer rug 
NP -> nouri al-maliki 's government 
NP -> the urban environment beautiful and cheerful 
NP -> vienna circle 
NP -> the watchman and emigrant 
NP -> real intention 
NP -> european parliament seats 
NP -> the utilized equipments 
NP -> the strength or weakness 
NP -> a weak content 
NP -> the news networks 
NP -> third ranks 
NP -> the lexicon 
NP -> medical examinations in specialized committees 
NP -> recent intensified american military measures 
NP -> other people of society 
NP -> the martyr mohammed hosein fahmideh 
NP -> the america 's foreign ministry 
NP -> the documents 
NP -> youth and the incorrect notion 
NP -> an orderly and clean environment 
NP -> the irrigator 
NP -> the time of speaking 
NP -> the most common one 
NP -> a sarcastic and satirical language 
NP -> possession 
NP -> connection between these two issues 
NP -> pride 
NP -> capitulation 
NP -> victoria geyser 
NP -> the same wrong management 
NP -> its obligations 
NP -> the age of special envoy 
NP -> the same type 
NP -> prison 
NP -> investments 
NP -> some times 
NP -> hygiene in some regions of pakistan 
NP -> chemical pollutions 
NP -> his excellency ali 
NP -> human rights activists 
NP -> the dirt 
NP -> foreign military 
NP -> the adherent 
NP -> the cost of equipment 
NP -> a commitment 
NP -> an image of light 
NP -> the death of hojjat al 
NP -> indoors asian games 
NP -> europe against the transformations 
NP -> productions 
NP -> bhutto ' s return to pakistan 
NP -> these times 
NP -> baku 
NP -> physical appearance 
NP -> the additional heat 
NP -> the current laws with regards 
NP -> iran and the international community 
NP -> country and sense of patriotism 
NP -> the western door 
NP -> partnership and activities 
NP -> seyed 
NP -> the congress hall of berlin 
NP -> today america 
NP -> this referee committee 
NP -> glory 
NP -> an increase or reduction 
NP -> the dark scheme 
NP -> addition to being important in choice 
NP -> a few hours 
NP -> a cancer tumor 
NP -> conversation with him 
NP -> the treacherous attack 
NP -> shahrivar of the current year 
NP -> the armenian genocide 
NP -> the desires of countries 
NP -> an anomalous manner 
NP -> sarajevo 
NP -> the national team qualifying 
NP -> the private institutes 
NP -> the most dangerous excavation operations 
NP -> an emergency meeting 
NP -> the occasion of devotee day 
NP -> commercial exchanges 
NP -> suburbanization that solving this complex 
NP -> its ego a plural ego 
NP -> future '' 
NP -> the grip 
NP -> alan 
NP -> the greek parliament 
NP -> favor of solving the problems 
NP -> the proposed plan 
NP -> their rites and rituals 
NP -> the restitution of democracy 
NP -> special delegate 
NP -> increasing taxes 
NP -> eyes 
NP -> the public societies 
NP -> my entry 
NP -> his family 
NP -> the margins of the caspian sea 
NP -> more support of this sector 
NP -> the state 's general inspection organization 
NP -> a special clause 
NP -> their very high motiovation 
NP -> the generation of human beings 
NP -> water by the agricultural sector 
NP -> the average of the past years 
NP -> the ongoing political clashes in myanmar 
NP -> saudi arabia ' 
NP -> such results 
NP -> nuclear 
NP -> more extensive attacks 
NP -> the importing 
NP -> ramadan month in thailand 
NP -> the coming years 
NP -> uzbekistan president 
NP -> the explosion which occurred in rawpendi 
NP -> the masses 
NP -> the range 
NP -> planting 
NP -> his strong participation 
NP -> sufficiency 
NP -> the terrorist and separatist group 
NP -> international issues 
NP -> a chapter 
NP -> a portion of his precious life 
NP -> projects in this province 
NP -> golsetan province 
NP -> larijani 
NP -> reasoning 
NP -> half a unit 
NP -> isfahanis ' 
NP -> the followers of this theory 
NP -> this notice 
NP -> the dead 
NP -> proper planning 
NP -> shortage of time 
NP -> the iranian merchants and industrial workers 
NP -> the main factor 
NP -> other matters of farming and veterinary 
NP -> political , economic and social rights 
NP -> no certain treatment for it 
NP -> the common borderline visits 
NP -> the two bases 
NP -> the main goal of the plan 
NP -> insurance 
NP -> much demand 
NP -> the major 's explanations 
NP -> a good chance 
NP -> international energy agency . 
NP -> ammar 's 
NP -> the democratic parliament system 
NP -> the caspian 
NP -> the frontlines 
NP -> ` ali saleh abadi 
NP -> husseini these statements 
NP -> this matter 
NP -> his companions 
NP -> the propagandistic group 
NP -> the rewards 
NP -> regions 
NP -> caspian sea neighboring countries 
NP -> support of people 
NP -> the military domiciles 
NP -> predilection 
NP -> their natural right 
NP -> the modernization 
NP -> central bank 
NP -> the swiss embassy in iran 
NP -> your sacrament 
NP -> the time of robberies 
NP -> ayatollah behjat 's house 
NP -> a merger 
NP -> weather and climate 
NP -> the majority 
NP -> talibi 
NP -> a committed allay 
NP -> the nuclear issue 
NP -> a pity 
NP -> hypocrisy and insincerity 
NP -> he at the end 
NP -> the historical and cultural textures 
NP -> ahmad tavakkoli 
NP -> relations between the two countries 
NP -> internal demand 
NP -> pakdasht and sharif 
NP -> baath party 
NP -> joint possession 
NP -> health authorities 
NP -> any popularity 
NP -> a normal life 
NP -> madam dc 
NP -> tears 
NP -> chemo present 
NP -> different users 
NP -> the unsteady growth 
NP -> none of the world nations 
NP -> such braveries 
NP -> the shock 
NP -> ghazizadeh 
NP -> sometime 
NP -> their promise 
NP -> experts mazanderan representative 
NP -> this scientific educational complex 
NP -> the people government 
NP -> name and mark 
NP -> the southern regions of the country 
NP -> indian ocean 
NP -> the extension 
NP -> the ecotourism specialists calls 
NP -> transgression among these funds and institutions 
NP -> house 
NP -> national production 
NP -> the police department of kabul province 
NP -> the compiling and defining 
NP -> evils and crookedness 
NP -> the art of cinema 
NP -> all the decision 
NP -> extraterritorial operations 
NP -> your opinion 
NP -> the earth 
NP -> the past plans 
NP -> the investors and entrepreneurs 
NP -> sha 
NP -> almanar news network announcing this news 
NP -> a benefit 
NP -> selflessness 
NP -> iran ' s people and elites 
NP -> negotiation 
NP -> god 's commitment to send 
NP -> khuzestan province general directorate 
NP -> the articles and laws 
NP -> a conversation 
NP -> approved plans 
NP -> the interference 
NP -> discussions in the parliament 
NP -> the true economical situation 
NP -> a bad incident 
NP -> the verification 
NP -> an assistant pilot of this regime 
NP -> a better planet 
NP -> this worry of iran 
NP -> the elections 
NP -> this language 
NP -> harmony 
NP -> the cinema 
NP -> them and now hijazi 
NP -> the second priority 
NP -> a political position 
NP -> dictatorship 
NP -> the pass and the road 
NP -> the pavilion 
NP -> his assassination 
NP -> dam 
NP -> the main reason 
NP -> departure of each member country 
NP -> polyarchy for america 
NP -> several names in warehouses 
NP -> china 's important partners 
NP -> general director 
NP -> the minister 
NP -> beseige china 
NP -> smuggling of narcotics 
NP -> imitation 
NP -> energy reserves 
NP -> these cooperative 
NP -> general inspection organization of the country 
NP -> the foreign secretary of america 
NP -> the main and immense discussion 
NP -> the city of jedda 
NP -> an obstacle 
NP -> the karaj gymnastic team 
NP -> the merger 
NP -> the costliness 
NP -> a painting competition 
NP -> a water source 
NP -> the consultants ' 
NP -> a specific effort 
NP -> judiciary affairs 
NP -> consumer merchandise 
NP -> dubai and iraq 
NP -> the only republic of former yugoslavia 
NP -> the army and recent days 
NP -> the slopes 
NP -> violators and most violations 
NP -> the borderline watch and finding disease 
NP -> the deceased in shahrood damgan cities 
NP -> the existing evidence 
NP -> the child studying in tehran 
NP -> the ranks of the muslim brotherhood 
NP -> the express tracks 
NP -> the envoy 
NP -> the plan of seizing china 
NP -> the leader of the ruling party 
NP -> the government management of companies 
NP -> different basis for evaluation 
NP -> these approaches 
NP -> fars governor 
NP -> earth 
NP -> strong opponents 
NP -> this scenario 
NP -> the mementos of war reconstruction 
NP -> other major international entities 
NP -> color 
NP -> bardi mohammadov 
NP -> definite and primary principles 
NP -> the work of the corps 
NP -> the world of robots 
NP -> babies 
NP -> several foreign countries in delhi 
NP -> ees 
NP -> master homayounpour 's 
NP -> the first market 
NP -> assemblies 
NP -> their persistence 
NP -> bilateral and multilateral cooperation 
NP -> affiliated units 
NP -> the two people 
NP -> the smallest negligence 
NP -> these studies 
NP -> a secure station 
NP -> the provincial trips 
NP -> economic ties 
NP -> first page 
NP -> the various palestinian groups 
NP -> the available axis in the region 
NP -> such an event 
NP -> fuel 
NP -> scholars of mawlevi 
NP -> the youth community 
NP -> the official authorities 
NP -> the agreement of lebanon 's heads 
NP -> utilization of poisonous materials 
NP -> the european championship clubs cup 
NP -> this play 
NP -> the gear box of a vehicle 
NP -> the tyres 
NP -> social insecurity such crimes 
NP -> a fair international court 
NP -> subsidy 
NP -> less stability 
NP -> nicolai 
NP -> military unites 
NP -> isma ' 
NP -> these laws 
NP -> parisian people 
NP -> economic violations and corruptions 
NP -> god insolent individuals such as pharaoh 
NP -> hallucination 
NP -> young blossoms 
NP -> a chinese massage 
NP -> mahmud abbas 
NP -> his precious life 
NP -> the prestige 
NP -> distinguishing power 
NP -> any free 
NP -> the two countries 
NP -> kissinger 
NP -> shimon 
NP -> united nations charter 
NP -> they doing in beirut '' 
NP -> a complete pull 
NP -> the forerunner candidate 
NP -> an expert center 
NP -> public places naja 
NP -> seyyed mohammad farjami 
NP -> the executive experiences 
NP -> idealists 
NP -> this precious product 
NP -> most principal materials 
NP -> the recent census results 
NP -> this savage massacre 
NP -> the paramilitary groups 
NP -> the operation of government 
NP -> a pure immanent poem 
NP -> eighteen documents 
NP -> mr . ahmadi 
NP -> the behaviors of governments 
NP -> cultural 
NP -> bush and blair 
NP -> the conditions of diabetes 
NP -> a comprehensive document inclusive 
NP -> courses of farsi language and literature 
NP -> formal structures 
NP -> the possibility of payment 
NP -> many centuries 
NP -> a denial of reality 
NP -> npt 
NP -> the beginning ceremony 
NP -> vajdi gonol '' turkey ' 
NP -> the level of water consumption enjoyed 
NP -> province of southern serbia 
NP -> this attack 
NP -> other banks 
NP -> the most important source of food 
NP -> agency , the non 
NP -> the house of representatives 
NP -> a human disaster 
NP -> a mutated gene 
NP -> a decree 
NP -> she 
NP -> the developments of the society 
NP -> this in parliament 
NP -> appearance and your behavior pleasant 
NP -> the courtyard of the house 
NP -> the occasion 
NP -> allocation of subsidy and insurance support 
NP -> this substitution 
NP -> a glance 
NP -> social harms 
NP -> body 's other biological performances 
NP -> the development loans 
NP -> this american military commander 
NP -> some talks 
NP -> the last decade , its place 
NP -> the effective methods of helping them 
NP -> less expenses 
NP -> consideration the 
NP -> this treaty in england 
NP -> the area of social relations 
NP -> setting 
NP -> the corporation of martyr and devotees 
NP -> the lack of facilities and fund 
NP -> acts 
NP -> fathnejad 
NP -> methodical 
NP -> new ministers 
NP -> the fourth plan 
NP -> this fear 
NP -> a message to sheik mofid 
NP -> the new generation of europe 
NP -> mortgage provider companies in america 
NP -> jahromi 
NP -> the cleanest water of the world 
NP -> the massacre at sabra and shatila 
NP -> the fatwa of the islamic scholars 
NP -> the interest of iran 
NP -> the definite winner 
NP -> islamic guidance 
NP -> the sport 
NP -> an application 
NP -> reliable news 
NP -> printing bills 
NP -> year beijing olympic taekwondo 
NP -> the security agents 
NP -> the iranian land 
NP -> the dean 
NP -> original identity and lifestyle 
NP -> a creative and outstanding poet 
NP -> slush cement 
NP -> the contrary 
NP -> a framework 
NP -> a suitable control system 
NP -> the one hand 
NP -> no rights 
NP -> the communication lines in this country 
NP -> ibn batuteh 
NP -> burnt meat or something else 
NP -> the same view 
NP -> putin 
NP -> the laughable adventure of sanction 
NP -> economic point of view 
NP -> the spring of quran 
NP -> governor of jammu and kashmir 
NP -> six trillion rials 
NP -> fuel supply stations 
NP -> the drug administration 
NP -> this plan 
NP -> delicate intricate sciences 
NP -> any place in our economic relations 
NP -> the general manager 
NP -> its nuclear activities 
NP -> iran 's ground 
NP -> qatar 
NP -> the position of enemy and friend 
NP -> the fully authorized representative 
NP -> the true religion of islam 
NP -> year , foreign security forces 
NP -> the economic problems of farmers 
NP -> a strong explosion 
NP -> workers ' housing 
NP -> the islamic republic ' 
NP -> no representative in united front 
NP -> the disciplinary force 
NP -> a lack 
NP -> this country 's 
NP -> the medias 
NP -> iran and the agency 
NP -> the government of france 
NP -> the social democrats 
NP -> line with the strategy 
NP -> the opening session 
NP -> the rate 
NP -> the international arena and moscow 
NP -> the comprehensiveness 
NP -> opec ministers 
NP -> the application 
NP -> the government inspector 
NP -> a vote 
NP -> the president of russia 
NP -> commander 
NP -> the return 
NP -> the areas of psychological health 
NP -> its policies 
NP -> ruh allah talebi 
NP -> foreign exchange 
NP -> order and security 
NP -> enrichment 
NP -> general '' richard 
NP -> companies by the quasi state 
NP -> the countries of the world 
NP -> different capabilities 
NP -> a accident 
NP -> the plaintiff and the accused persons 
NP -> a training class 
NP -> january $ 
NP -> a tumult 
NP -> colored slipcovers 
NP -> leadership cadre 
NP -> valuable activities 
NP -> the islamic nation 
NP -> ghadr 
NP -> its military presence 
NP -> other nations , religions and races 
NP -> effects and convergences water sector policies 
NP -> this study and previous studies 
NP -> a skeleton 
NP -> the four people 
NP -> the patients 
NP -> southeastern regions 
NP -> the institute for privatization 
NP -> croatia and slovenia 
NP -> oil money and the rail money 
NP -> life and instructions 
NP -> the instruction of the generation 
NP -> irna 
NP -> a suitable legal formulation 
NP -> the public sector 
NP -> the members 
NP -> every soccer team 
NP -> the progress of technology 
NP -> the propounded issues 
NP -> especially european union 
NP -> qom 's aazam mosque 
NP -> similarities between these two films 
NP -> too mehdizadeh 
NP -> the qualitative presentation 
NP -> chenaran etelaat reporter 
NP -> wednesday morning 
NP -> the professors of hozeh and university 
NP -> the products 
NP -> democracy 
NP -> almost all of his achievements 
NP -> the islamic countries atomic bomb 
NP -> one month 
NP -> iran khodro company 
NP -> an increase 
NP -> sharif yesterday 
NP -> video conference system 
NP -> his threats 
NP -> the defense system 
NP -> concurrence 
NP -> no option 
NP -> presidential elections 
NP -> cash price 
NP -> their offices 
NP -> health malpractices of the trade units 
NP -> dr. seyyed mohammad khatami 
NP -> the interesting point 
NP -> the hungry dormant plays 
NP -> investment in energy sectors 
NP -> job opportunities 
NP -> seven hours using rifle and canon 
NP -> the understanding of liberalism 
NP -> the direct consumption of oil products 
NP -> the center of judaism 
NP -> several cultural and university collaboration agreements 
NP -> several letters 
NP -> their own god 
NP -> the honorable family 
NP -> shariati and nomairi 
NP -> freedoms 
NP -> an irna journalist 
NP -> the husband 
NP -> a thought 
NP -> this market 
NP -> these factories 
NP -> the swedish embassy in tehran 
NP -> authors 
NP -> important civil projects ' 
NP -> olmert and abbas 
NP -> a council 
NP -> economics 
NP -> this desired situation 
NP -> the most important elements 
NP -> this american student 
NP -> the middle east and north africa 
NP -> the modern order 
NP -> the shareholders of justice 
NP -> moon 
NP -> barbed wires 
NP -> reuter news agency 
NP -> the western countries 
NP -> development and execution 
NP -> lebanon 
NP -> the zionist government 
NP -> our economic relations 
NP -> the american trust 
NP -> a single front 
NP -> the governing board of this country 
NP -> the grease 
NP -> the battleground 
NP -> the future path of price 
NP -> regards to this 
NP -> professional privileges 
NP -> foreign investment 
NP -> turkish extraterritorial operations 
NP -> the psychological discussions 
NP -> attitude 
NP -> the existing regulations 
NP -> these actions 
NP -> the admission 
NP -> national democracy endowment 
NP -> lies 
NP -> the enthusiasts 
NP -> several rounds of negotiations 
NP -> javad sadeghi 
NP -> eating 
NP -> the past generations 
NP -> a reaction 
NP -> a major part of these houses 
NP -> a warm and intimate ring 
NP -> cultural issues cultural institute 
NP -> verses 
NP -> the supervisory board of banks 
NP -> the revolution verse 
NP -> publicity 
NP -> their hearing deficiency 
NP -> direct supply 
NP -> the corporation 
NP -> the oppositeness 
NP -> the heavy atmosphere 
NP -> those gathering 
NP -> any school 
NP -> populism ( populism ) 
NP -> a group of iranian artists 
NP -> politics too 
NP -> american policies 
NP -> lieu 
NP -> the friday preacher of tehran 
NP -> the new traffic signpost project 
NP -> oppositions 
NP -> axes 
NP -> new laws 
NP -> awards 
NP -> the most important ambitions of society 
NP -> the military presence 
NP -> the viewer unconsciously 
NP -> the brave action of gasoline rationing 
NP -> the united nation ( fao ) 
NP -> a pivotal concept 
NP -> the banking units 
NP -> rumors 
NP -> the excessive population increase in beijing 
NP -> judiciary lawyers ' center 
NP -> the completely different ideas 
NP -> the energy 
NP -> the planet earth 
NP -> statues 
NP -> satan 
NP -> the mainland 
NP -> the alarm 
NP -> european borders 
NP -> some of the weapons 
NP -> abad palace 
NP -> a plural ego 
NP -> the son doesn ' t 
NP -> some demands 
NP -> the economic growth of europe 
NP -> the morning of the next day 
NP -> ayatolla taaleghani 
NP -> the delegation of commerce card 
NP -> the democrat representatives 
NP -> this dear and his other fellows 
NP -> sobuti 
NP -> the first traffic guideline 
NP -> doshanbeh 
NP -> our check 
NP -> democratic people 's republic 
NP -> the transmission 
NP -> conduct 
NP -> a cottage talking to the boys 
NP -> the basket of automobile costs 
NP -> the main destinations 
NP -> war and the americans 
NP -> countries especially the arab 
NP -> borhani 
NP -> the south of the country 
NP -> flexibility 
NP -> the results of reports 
NP -> security in iraq 
NP -> complete human 
NP -> the following year 
NP -> continues 
NP -> liquidity accidental 
NP -> babak afghahi ' 
NP -> a great potential 
NP -> strong criticisms for worsening budget procedure 
NP -> the racist regime 
NP -> the heated supporters 
NP -> the olympics 
NP -> the extending 
NP -> complain 
NP -> heart of the earth 
NP -> the official invitation 
NP -> iran 's exports and imports 
NP -> the first festival 
NP -> the same racist zionism nature 
NP -> the northern regions 
NP -> balanced sufficient quantities 
NP -> the central bank 's 
NP -> the region and the world 
NP -> instrumental use of the medias 
NP -> cable installations 
NP -> karkhe 
NP -> government and non 
NP -> the lips of youth and old 
NP -> the educational workshop of food safety 
NP -> foreign minister 
NP -> this season 
NP -> view justice 
NP -> doctor ` mahmoud 
NP -> the working procedure and decision process 
NP -> his friend and playmate 
NP -> the imam 
NP -> soldiers , officers and commanders 
NP -> delivery rights shares 
NP -> disorders 
NP -> religious activists 
NP -> the radical forces 
NP -> activities 
NP -> these details 
NP -> compulsive thoughts 
NP -> max nowardo a zionist philosopher 
NP -> the companions 
NP -> the privatization organization 
NP -> islamic magnificent revolution 
NP -> presidential strategic planning 
NP -> praise 
NP -> some extent 
NP -> this bank between related accounts 
NP -> the european jews 
NP -> the deliverance of the next president 
NP -> companies 
NP -> low elevation 
NP -> lawyer 's syndicates 
NP -> god ' s mercy 
NP -> experts in their first look 
NP -> stadium 
NP -> the company 
NP -> the government of lebanon 
NP -> educational sessions 
NP -> my reasons 
NP -> some of the envoys 
NP -> bourgeois art 
NP -> nightly television pictures 
NP -> judgement 
NP -> the charge of embezzlement 
NP -> masoud 's 
NP -> more thefts 
NP -> the existing criticism 
NP -> the most important noticeable issue 
NP -> the registration 
NP -> the removal of spanish forces 
NP -> george bush 's opposition 
NP -> merging or dissolution 
NP -> the system ' s priorities 
NP -> contact between ms bhuto 
NP -> the hormozgan province 
NP -> other news from palestine 
NP -> singing 
NP -> peres 
NP -> an equal ratio 
NP -> the developments 
NP -> possible sanctions on iran 
NP -> this institution 
NP -> thefts 
NP -> alireza mahmoodi '' 
NP -> the marriage age among them 
NP -> the participation of people and authorities 
NP -> no need for unreasonable words 
NP -> the islamic thoughts 
NP -> their both interest in '' expansion 
NP -> the first six months 
NP -> a product 
NP -> weather and climate in the region 
NP -> his continued presence in the talks 
NP -> the majority of thailand 's population 
NP -> some areas 
NP -> the religious and moral issues 
NP -> small a storehouse 
NP -> the rights of palestinians 
NP -> liberalism that intensifies poverty and inequality 
NP -> civilization 
NP -> the common point 
NP -> russian borders 
NP -> firroz abadi 
NP -> foot notes and cross references 
NP -> pavarotti 
NP -> the eighth iran 
NP -> israel and palestine 
NP -> united nations envoy in darfur 
NP -> their economic decisions 
NP -> the background 
NP -> salman farsi faithful of the prophet 
NP -> captivity i 
NP -> the sleep research center 
NP -> life 
NP -> the new accomplishment 
NP -> the total 
NP -> the assembly 
NP -> the admirers 
NP -> the islamabad court 
NP -> governor of bejnord 
NP -> small issues 
NP -> the koran and the multi 
NP -> the arranging of family fortunately 
NP -> a lively and dynamic revolution 
NP -> the necessary information 
NP -> the neighbors of the caspian sea 
NP -> a great honor en > 
NP -> a triangle 
NP -> skill in the name of democracy 
NP -> the northern khorasan province 
NP -> traditional and dated thoughts 
NP -> threats and various suggestions 
NP -> physical obstruction of borders six months 
NP -> refuge and its necessity 
NP -> the former director general 
NP -> a limited enrichment program 
NP -> the three branches 
NP -> the latest 
NP -> team movements 
NP -> her friends and teammates 
NP -> the lofty 
NP -> the police forces 
NP -> alflatoksin 
NP -> alzheimer 
NP -> a spot 
NP -> my demised brother 's 
NP -> alkaida in a reaction 
NP -> the perjury 
NP -> team 's 
NP -> the red rashes 
NP -> the soviet union 
NP -> every goods 
NP -> the magnificent god 
NP -> byren 
NP -> the exam session 
NP -> the new generation 
NP -> the law activities 
NP -> this domain 
NP -> the american authorities ' 
NP -> the track 
NP -> the emperor 
NP -> the executive board 
NP -> the condemnation 
NP -> trout produced in isfahan province 
NP -> the international manner 
NP -> empty of animosities 
NP -> economic and population growth 
NP -> various nations 
NP -> the surface in support of people 
NP -> the balcony 
NP -> these symptoms 
NP -> many human beings 
NP -> highness 
NP -> a second 
NP -> unrivalled capabilities 
NP -> a flexible organization 
NP -> drug abuse 
NP -> the rewriting 
NP -> the ground 
NP -> troops 
NP -> representative assembly 
NP -> the original goods certificate 
NP -> arrival 
NP -> a sustainable 
NP -> nomads 
NP -> january 
NP -> the office 
NP -> the same thing 
NP -> she and her friends 
NP -> government sources 
NP -> here quran first 
NP -> migrants ' fund exclusive 
NP -> another quranic recommendation 
NP -> a strong show 
NP -> the minister of economy 
NP -> the beginning of next week 
NP -> the field of power 
NP -> the western side 
NP -> iran 's great islamic revolution 
NP -> our industry union 
NP -> employment and development of advanced industries 
NP -> the necessary things 
NP -> participation of bassiji ladies 
NP -> the western side of the edifice 
NP -> government punishment 
NP -> times as an image of light 
NP -> another world 
NP -> the continuity 
NP -> the supervisors parliament japan 's 
NP -> the data bases of the two 
NP -> the national government 
NP -> official specialists the lawyers 
NP -> other issues 
NP -> dayton '' agreement 
NP -> an aura of ambiguity 
NP -> tens of thousands 
NP -> these activities 
NP -> sabotage 
NP -> a new single front 
NP -> true isteaza 
NP -> irna quoting '' n 
NP -> the benefit 
NP -> the periodic head 
NP -> the stocks 
NP -> any problem with religious people 
NP -> a work 
NP -> each of these 
NP -> their foreign supporters 
NP -> the edge 
NP -> say ( no ) 
NP -> the chase 
NP -> an antiterrorist fight 
NP -> the individual category 
NP -> the two elements 
NP -> the worms 
NP -> the technical negotiations 
NP -> more counsel the two countries 
NP -> a peaceful use 
NP -> a truth finding committee 
NP -> offering 
NP -> the non - initiation of customs 
NP -> the petraeus 
NP -> short 
NP -> the text 
NP -> tehran ' s esteghlal football team 
NP -> the spiritual mortification of this month 
NP -> the production of war films 
NP -> hours 
NP -> the joint committee 
NP -> the frontispiece 
NP -> the pressure 
NP -> the turmoil 
NP -> not any participation in this plan 
NP -> a bomb 
NP -> the scenario 
NP -> the entrance of other people 
NP -> a word 
NP -> some accidents 
NP -> the informational bed 
NP -> new and advanced markets 
NP -> the lower level of this theater 
NP -> a company 
NP -> the great leader ' 
NP -> good discussions 
NP -> the world 
NP -> the problems of the world 
NP -> significant measure 
NP -> year situation 
NP -> abaradei 
NP -> domestic violence 
NP -> iranshahr chahbahar 
NP -> a heavy and expensive experience 
NP -> the residence 
NP -> a festivity in washington 
NP -> cultural sanctities 
NP -> iranian and non iranian 
NP -> social democrats declaration 
NP -> country and sense 
NP -> friday prayer of this city 
NP -> chalkaroud of ramsar 
NP -> their religious formalities and traditions 
NP -> a way 
NP -> rocket launchers 
NP -> a champion haughtiness and arrogance 
NP -> the first minutes 
NP -> the chair of responsibility 
NP -> the meeting 
NP -> a harsh reaction 
NP -> islamic saints 
NP -> anyone in the society 
NP -> your positive behavior 
NP -> such convergence 
NP -> the article 
NP -> the short and long time efforts 
NP -> the foreign minister of iraq recently 
NP -> the existing inequalities in society 
NP -> the high technology 
NP -> a bustle for islamic identification 
NP -> more than the total lands 
NP -> considerable control 
NP -> the others 
NP -> iran 's 
NP -> the strong objection of the families 
NP -> the fetus 
NP -> honesty 
NP -> short stories 
NP -> a growth in social tensions 
NP -> a '' simple harmonics 
NP -> water from skin cells 
NP -> a particle 
NP -> the trade 
NP -> water and irrigation services 
NP -> the economical evils 
NP -> a long list 
NP -> charity and blessings 
NP -> the month of july 
NP -> all threats 
NP -> the governmental documents about radiological weapons 
NP -> the modern sciences and technologies 
NP -> consolidation 
NP -> sociologies 
NP -> a coordinated system 
NP -> americans and bush 
NP -> the hatred of nations 
NP -> respondents in the capital 
NP -> the campaigns 
NP -> the ignoring of citizens ' rights 
NP -> the heart of iranian nation 
NP -> a decision with regards 
NP -> a love to god 
NP -> his order 
NP -> gentlemen , today 
NP -> this notification 
NP -> a recent meeting 
NP -> the credit of each city 
NP -> pride and prejudice of that side 
NP -> a scientific movement 
NP -> a courageous faithful and ideological nation 
NP -> destination fakeh 
NP -> tomorrow 's talks 
NP -> definitions of accounting 
NP -> spirit and heart 
NP -> the foreigners 
NP -> the best method 
NP -> his trusted deputy for years 
NP -> this trip 
NP -> the theological school 
NP -> a war 
NP -> a solution five articles 
NP -> the country 
NP -> tehran , international medias 
NP -> general ariel sharon 
NP -> muslim people 
NP -> the newspaper 
NP -> this car in america 
NP -> its participants 
NP -> a five person council 
NP -> boards councils 
NP -> the organization of the islamic conference 
NP -> the parliaments of this country 
NP -> a low quantity 
NP -> a muslim leader 
NP -> these goals 
NP -> vali 
NP -> their regional markets 
NP -> no difficulty with the agency 
NP -> the oil ministry acting manager 
NP -> border 
NP -> quivering voice 
NP -> sex 
NP -> warehouses 
NP -> the project of making radiological weapons 
NP -> law evasion 
NP -> gsnn '' 
NP -> hatred and spread racism 
NP -> the adventure 
NP -> the schools ' work 
NP -> arab sunnies of iraq 
NP -> the lack of demand 
NP -> amir 
NP -> customs cooperation 's 
NP -> a good beginning 
NP -> information technology office 
NP -> a bombing 
NP -> the differences liberal democratic ruling party 
NP -> important successes 
NP -> the atmosphere children 
NP -> the friday leader 
NP -> the expectations 
NP -> the press 
NP -> the concluding statement 
NP -> iranian ambassador 
NP -> a sign 
NP -> the bylaw 
NP -> the second cold war 
NP -> master khoram 
NP -> the reporter of mehr 
NP -> these days 
NP -> the planning 
NP -> the fraction 
NP -> foxes confronted by a lion 
NP -> any case 
NP -> political bureau hamas movement 
NP -> a week 
NP -> alghou 
NP -> this resolution 
NP -> a similar form 
NP -> the references 
NP -> the interpreters 
NP -> this enactment , all the decision 
NP -> crusaders 
NP -> the reprocessing of uranium fuel 
NP -> several rather big semicircle shaped 
NP -> the iraqis 
NP -> the issues of this chapter 
NP -> new sanction 
NP -> the heavy financial costs 
NP -> the plays of this writer 
NP -> insertion 
NP -> karl popper 
NP -> beautiful lines 
NP -> cinema 
NP -> the competitions 
NP -> rasoul mousavi 
NP -> a good structure 
NP -> the taxes 
NP -> bahrain and zionist regime and re 
NP -> the tactic 
NP -> non 
NP -> different dimensions 
NP -> the only chance 
NP -> regulations concerning the environment 
NP -> the freight routs 
NP -> many richter scales ' 
NP -> these courses 
NP -> the framework of the interests 
NP -> the internal crisis 
NP -> the carelessness 
NP -> iranian economy 
NP -> sugary units 
NP -> the animal 
NP -> the blessings 
NP -> young actors 
NP -> monthly lomond diplomatic 
NP -> the framework of the budget 
NP -> ups 
NP -> political and media figures 
NP -> the public relations 
NP -> medical examinations 
NP -> an average income 
NP -> the best policies 
NP -> the possible 
NP -> an independent judicial organization 
NP -> the stream of the river 
NP -> the first persons 
NP -> seasonal increase 
NP -> the voice of epic and pride 
NP -> cotton shoes 
NP -> iron 
NP -> iran 's atomic case 
NP -> a political report 
NP -> management development 
NP -> ghadir petrochemical plan said 
NP -> the main policy 
NP -> the american logic 
NP -> the turkish military intervention 
NP -> hard ware section 
NP -> crisis management 
NP -> control mechanisms 
NP -> the eye 
NP -> the departure 
NP -> eighth 
NP -> home appliances 
NP -> the bush administration 's 
NP -> the equivalent rial value 
NP -> psychological viewpoint move towards a reduction 
NP -> $ year in circumstances 
NP -> role power 
NP -> the perseverance 
NP -> a european 
NP -> life and health 
NP -> iran ' 
NP -> the heart of iranian people 
NP -> behbahan 's maroun bridge 
NP -> beliefs 
NP -> a determining role in natural vision 
NP -> military means 
NP -> the basic price of the stocks 
NP -> the roads ' 
NP -> the premier league 
NP -> all this humility and modesty 
NP -> the explosions in pakistan 
NP -> ferdosy 's 
NP -> beloved and a truth finding committee 
NP -> the most comprehensive supervision organ 
NP -> late this year 
NP -> heaven and paradise 
NP -> parties and political factions pro 
NP -> continuation 
NP -> the increase 
NP -> human beings 
NP -> the sarein three 
NP -> the congress of india 
NP -> iranian architectural characteristics 
NP -> mehr 's report 
NP -> the matter of education and research 
NP -> different fields and elements 
NP -> her favorite books 
NP -> a couple 
NP -> all changes land and sea borders 
NP -> a boy 
NP -> the charter of the world bank 
NP -> this manuscript 
NP -> a cooperation agreement 
NP -> the egyptian sharm al 
NP -> strong regional diplomacy 
NP -> a hormone 
NP -> the last negotiations 
NP -> the officials of this issue 
NP -> the ending part 
NP -> educational groups of language and literature 
NP -> smugglers of narcotics in the region 
NP -> beloved 
NP -> his efforts 
NP -> these fairs 
NP -> price review clause 
NP -> mahmood 
NP -> the broad orientation 
NP -> the best manner 
NP -> the combination of two tableaux 
NP -> profit institutions and the cooperative fund 
NP -> his advisors 
NP -> the advisors 
NP -> the presidency period of bush 
NP -> death and the arranging 
NP -> the prime minister press conference 
NP -> a third country 
NP -> solana 
NP -> the theory 
NP -> the residency 
NP -> the united nations 
NP -> fatah and hamas 
NP -> view of the prophet 
NP -> david 's 
NP -> awareness of children of their rights 
NP -> the sovereignty of all countries 
NP -> football fans 
NP -> a disastrous action 
NP -> no indication 
NP -> more than one third 
NP -> couplet each 
NP -> the representatives of the u.s. congress 
NP -> the fishery of isfahan province 
NP -> shorter days 
NP -> this country 's prime minister 
NP -> its supporters 
NP -> two states 
NP -> gouti 's place 
NP -> afghanistan these two countries 
NP -> anterior visual cortex 
NP -> mohammad samri 
NP -> no relation with democracy 
NP -> problems and difficulties 
NP -> the army forces 
NP -> the southeast of jerusalem 
NP -> legitimacy 
NP -> the parliament ' 
NP -> e zaman 
NP -> honor guard present in the square 
NP -> zeros of the monetary unit 
NP -> the political power 
NP -> appropriate measures 
NP -> the innocent people 
NP -> these view 
NP -> peace and the most peace 
NP -> baluchistan 
NP -> spirituality 
NP -> the price of oil and gas 
NP -> a center of spirituality and resistance 
NP -> the relative unions 
NP -> the certainty 
NP -> the independent identity 
NP -> former chief minister 
NP -> all being killed 
NP -> the turkish 
NP -> no inconsistency 
NP -> this strategy 
NP -> the most natural analysis 
NP -> any imposition 
NP -> new opportunities and threats 
NP -> these definitions 
NP -> the young coach 
NP -> two goals 
NP -> the great farsi poets 
NP -> mythological texts 
NP -> various kinds of hand 
NP -> company in different areas 
NP -> ban 
NP -> the followers of sunnism and shi'ism 
NP -> the national heroes 
NP -> their own lives 
NP -> foreign affairs of our country 
NP -> this important factor 
NP -> possession and discipline 
NP -> the city of abarkuh 
NP -> propaganda 
NP -> kaddafi 
NP -> vitaly chorkin 
NP -> pardis agriculture and natural resources karaj 
NP -> this point 
NP -> their own professional future 
NP -> russian interests 
NP -> line road 
NP -> this regard more between the inhabitants 
NP -> the field of natural sciences 
NP -> anger and retaliation 
NP -> our knowledge 
NP -> the efficient and influential individuals 
NP -> majidi 
NP -> the minor 
NP -> teacher 
NP -> their certificate 
NP -> the evening party dress 
NP -> only a small part 
NP -> saidikia 
NP -> japanese government 
NP -> the iraqi ministry of defense 
NP -> bass shakvi 
NP -> bosnia herzegovina federation 
NP -> terrorism law of this country 
NP -> iran checks 
NP -> the ninth government 
NP -> an extreme decline 
NP -> its defense program and military strength 
NP -> failures 
NP -> medical treatment and curing 
NP -> mehr report 
NP -> military educational training 
NP -> good progress 
NP -> the process of privatization 
NP -> qom 's 
NP -> stone layers 
NP -> the regulations of this agency 
NP -> opec in arabia 
NP -> iran intolerant 
NP -> the tools of negotiation and diplomacy 
NP -> military planners 
NP -> olmert on tuesday 
NP -> god only 
NP -> the sever decrease 
NP -> considerable capability 
NP -> mohsen 
NP -> these stations 
NP -> other agreements 
NP -> the most profits of this opportunity 
NP -> the stock exchange corporation 
NP -> her war criminal 
NP -> a group who is in majority 
NP -> internal affairs 
NP -> price 
NP -> the first festival of iran 
NP -> operation of these forces 
NP -> lebanon to the us 
NP -> perhaps the iranian companies 
NP -> fundamental and complimentary cells 
NP -> local indigenous 
NP -> the course 
NP -> the parliamentary election of this province 
NP -> an emergency situation 
NP -> a renowned expert of hafiz 
NP -> criminals 
NP -> ankara 's readiness 
NP -> two or three past years 
NP -> khuzestan steel 
NP -> the new session 
NP -> a token 
NP -> the attitude of expanding mutual cooperation 
NP -> expansion 
NP -> middle asia 
NP -> general office of cooperation 
NP -> organization 
NP -> a sign of true isteaza 
NP -> holding tahkti 
NP -> the profitability of the plan 
NP -> the stock of the institution 
NP -> the scientists of the iranian land 
NP -> the zionists ' 
NP -> a time 
NP -> low income levels 
NP -> preliminary stages 
NP -> the future elections 
NP -> another country 
NP -> najaf 
NP -> the main architects of iraq war 
NP -> the arabic and muslim governments 
NP -> involvement in astrology 
NP -> american demonstrations 
NP -> cooperatives of border 
NP -> some individuals 
NP -> production with a one month 
NP -> these people 's symptoms 
NP -> this phenomenon judiciary and criminological 
NP -> iran 's trade parties 
NP -> her appearance 
NP -> turkey many operations 
NP -> today enemies 
NP -> science in the same prevailing views 
NP -> machine 
NP -> athletes and coaches 
NP -> the middle east and central asia 
NP -> the parliaments of the country 
NP -> trade figurative activities 
NP -> the seventh chapter 
NP -> favor of the mass 
NP -> protection of their interests 
NP -> the play of salvation 
NP -> hygiene 
NP -> the final dossier 
NP -> the limitations 
NP -> condemnation 
NP -> shaban 
NP -> eghbal lahouri 
NP -> doroodzan dam 
NP -> gas exporting companies 
NP -> iraq neighbors 
NP -> their battlefield 
NP -> no country 
NP -> a day 
NP -> an apple 
NP -> the unprecedented rise of prices 
NP -> the nut 
NP -> the party 
NP -> this week europe 
NP -> any turkish attack 
NP -> scientific centers of iran 
NP -> the opposite side 
NP -> allah 
NP -> information and advertising minister of zimbabwe 
NP -> the name of democracy program 
NP -> this deceased 
NP -> view of the president of serbia 
NP -> the existing inequalities 
NP -> the nature of these centers 
NP -> the important programs 
NP -> the whole noble quran 
NP -> the provinces 
NP -> ramadan in thailand 
NP -> only a transient action 
NP -> petals of his poetry 
NP -> irancell 's response 
NP -> the first step 
NP -> a lad 
NP -> the french producers of the first 
NP -> their youth 
NP -> the us pressures 
NP -> any reality 
NP -> the first level ) the mega 
NP -> the level of health 
NP -> nablus basel abusarieh 
NP -> the fuel 
NP -> the exception 
NP -> the served policies 
NP -> am confidence 
NP -> iraq and turkey 
NP -> low income children 
NP -> the countries dislike 
NP -> an exhibition 
NP -> fluidity 
NP -> a physician 's prescription 
NP -> these conspiracies 
NP -> the banks 
NP -> the gathering 
NP -> their health 
NP -> the caspian meeting 
NP -> khalediah 
NP -> the foreign affairs ministry of russia 
NP -> its work order 
NP -> valuable people 
NP -> costs 
NP -> anyone 
NP -> religious concepts and values 
NP -> dowries , housing and treatment 
NP -> the extraterritorial operations 
NP -> god o saheb alzaman 
NP -> germany , france and us 
NP -> american ambassador 
NP -> health and vivacity 
NP -> a villa 
NP -> the international atomic agency inspectors 
NP -> this device 
NP -> the judiciary 
NP -> their communist party 
NP -> esse broug 
NP -> iran and abdolhossein sepanta 
NP -> great help 
NP -> an agreement 
NP -> the regulations of this branch 
NP -> people in the streets 
NP -> the right 
NP -> floor 
NP -> export 
NP -> the most important programs 
NP -> the allies 
NP -> every week 
NP -> a pulpit 
NP -> classes 
NP -> american jews 
NP -> a composition 
NP -> mobile sim cards 
NP -> the turkish minister 
NP -> high education 
NP -> the most emphasis 
NP -> the massive issues of countries 
NP -> the objective of normalization of relationship 
NP -> the course of time 
NP -> the prospect 
NP -> this vacuum 
NP -> the local market 
NP -> the prison 
NP -> several telephone lines 
NP -> the fifth gourkani king 
NP -> explanation 
NP -> the iraqi dictator 's dream 
NP -> ninth 
NP -> iran the name 
NP -> many local candidates of this elections 
NP -> the continent of asia 
NP -> other news 
NP -> reduction of energy reserves 
NP -> the constitutionalist movement 
NP -> cia organization 
NP -> munich 
NP -> an area 
NP -> the banks ' own resources 
NP -> mention of '' allah 
NP -> the published letter 
NP -> another invited official 
NP -> some others 
NP -> ghosam 
NP -> the music part 
NP -> the perspectives 
NP -> completion 
NP -> his soul 
NP -> the then prime minister 
NP -> the interest of russia 
NP -> independent and islamic countries access 
NP -> america ' s attack on iran 
NP -> any actor 
NP -> great importance 
NP -> its allies 
NP -> nuclear inspectors 
NP -> prohibited films 
NP -> the mother and father 
NP -> the rial 
NP -> god 's remissions 
NP -> $ year in comparison 
NP -> his return 
NP -> general envoy 
NP -> calligraphy 
NP -> other major incidents 
NP -> the custom of the province 
NP -> any casualties 
NP -> the context of life 
NP -> the two years 
NP -> these sports 
NP -> palestine and northern african countries 
NP -> the peak which he reached 
NP -> an unwinnable war in iraq 
NP -> the press and news agencies 
NP -> the name of internet sites 
NP -> the stocks of khuzestan steel 
NP -> a century 
NP -> the woman 's sport salon 
NP -> repair 
NP -> name and mark of themselves 
NP -> the left 
NP -> other supports and facilities 
NP -> iraqi refugees and energy 
NP -> her 
NP -> hazardous diseases 
NP -> some journalists 
NP -> organs and offices 
NP -> cooperation with other groups 
NP -> the area 
NP -> stage coups 
NP -> a law 
NP -> nablus 
NP -> no issue 
NP -> defence force 
NP -> germany and russia 
NP -> some negotiations 
NP -> veterinary work 
NP -> the zionist occupiers 
NP -> becker hamilton 's 
NP -> the first part 
NP -> political economical 
NP -> the electronic commerce 
NP -> europe ' 
NP -> some of the face cleansing lotion 
NP -> tahmasebi 
NP -> services of this godly 
NP -> the political arena 
NP -> his country 's political will 
NP -> a dictator 
NP -> his influence 
NP -> the obligations 
NP -> social anomalies 
NP -> some of the actions 
NP -> relations 
NP -> the government 's proposal 
NP -> the text of the agreement 
NP -> the family 
NP -> this important action 
NP -> the coin 
NP -> the outstanding exemplars 
NP -> diabetes society of iran 
NP -> the special delegate 
NP -> employers ' 
NP -> the supreme committee 
NP -> president 's disagreement 
NP -> the importer 
NP -> banks ' withdrawals 
NP -> rice 's 
NP -> the scope 
NP -> three countries 
NP -> the formation of the zionist government 
NP -> the reason for this matter 
NP -> all the institutions of the regime 
NP -> tribal revolts 
NP -> the human modern society critics 
NP -> they at times 
NP -> the first month 
NP -> better and more communication 
NP -> zionists 
NP -> reason 
NP -> purse snatching in ahvaz 
NP -> military forces 
NP -> scientists 
NP -> respect to the production of science 
NP -> scenario of zionist 
NP -> fact 
NP -> their latest attacks 
NP -> a military attack on iran 
NP -> usury benefits 
NP -> a legal regime 
NP -> the coordination 
NP -> none of the parties 
NP -> god khamenei 
NP -> a libyan father 
NP -> foreign balance 
NP -> the beginning of the book 
NP -> unisef 
NP -> an ancient tradition in painting 
NP -> his visit 
NP -> the world as well as iran 
NP -> a domestic factor 
NP -> the deed 
NP -> attempts and efforts 
NP -> good and knowledge and truth 
NP -> the companionship 
NP -> the transmitted pictures 
NP -> dust and sand 
NP -> a real form 
NP -> the factors 
NP -> the purchasers 
NP -> missiles 
NP -> a entered tehran 
NP -> his sweet life 
NP -> anbar 
NP -> regular meetings 
NP -> its pleasantness and sincerity 
NP -> his presidential term 
NP -> the sacred islamic values 
NP -> the sitting volleyball team 
NP -> argentina 
NP -> thailand 
NP -> the arab countries ' support 
NP -> the growth and development 
NP -> the ninth administration attention 
NP -> amhadinejad yesterday 
NP -> opec ' 
NP -> the medicine administration 
NP -> gold 
NP -> the usurping and occupying government 
NP -> qaeda and other insurgents 
NP -> a bulgarian writing 
NP -> flood 
NP -> iraq war 
NP -> addition to these 
NP -> the second formal session 
NP -> the members ' 
NP -> weber 
NP -> the unknown soldiers 
NP -> the aforementioned automobile 
NP -> the probability 
NP -> the councils of the education 
NP -> this effort 
NP -> the sale of chinese products 
NP -> cinema of war 
NP -> one dissenting party 
NP -> the strengthening of cooperation 
NP -> olympic placements 
NP -> ardavan 
NP -> companionship and cooperation and unanimity 
NP -> each organization 
NP -> mistakes 
NP -> moscow result 
NP -> the growth of mechanization 
NP -> the twentieth 
NP -> a branch of this huge tree 
NP -> hard conditions for entry 
NP -> national self 
NP -> its color inclines 
NP -> art for art 
NP -> animosities 
NP -> separate meetings 
NP -> people 's satisfaction 
NP -> the valuable abilities and experiences 
NP -> producing factories 
NP -> this organ 
NP -> the veterans ' 
NP -> better every day 
NP -> different tariff and non tariff limitations 
NP -> mashad 
NP -> two platforms on each other 
NP -> the democrat representatives in congress 
NP -> secessionists 
NP -> the executer and the operator 
NP -> turkey ' s kurdistan labor 
NP -> vikari abdollah > 
NP -> this process 
NP -> this passage 
NP -> the nuclear problem 
NP -> a praiseworthy action 
NP -> sensible life 
NP -> iranian karate in the world class 
NP -> the country over individual interests 
NP -> the palestinian autonomous government 
NP -> effects 
NP -> the negative trend 
NP -> the knowledge of something else 
NP -> tahmasebi and vaziri 
NP -> travel 
NP -> the above news 
NP -> women 
NP -> the art of the possible 
NP -> increasing power 
NP -> the thought of the fee 
NP -> a transparent free election 
NP -> news 
NP -> moslemeen khatami 
NP -> financial and investment markets last week 
NP -> movies or theater 
NP -> acceptance 
NP -> the inequality and unemployment 
NP -> a friendly cooperation 
NP -> fruits beneficial and flowers 
NP -> violation 
NP -> jobless 
NP -> the speed of money circulation 
NP -> its geometrical figures 
NP -> measure 
NP -> the rug booth 
NP -> his favorite job 
NP -> the bank to pay en 
NP -> the authorities ' attention 
NP -> friend and acquaintance 
NP -> influence 
NP -> the banking system 
NP -> an interview with fars news agency 
NP -> the month of ramadan 
NP -> any sign 
NP -> traditional techniques of costs allocation 
NP -> limb 
NP -> the tape 
NP -> national interests of five country 
NP -> the baby 's nappy or nappy 
NP -> the eastern jews 
NP -> exchanging 
NP -> the commander police in gilan province 
NP -> top rank members 
NP -> last late at night 
NP -> his meeting with his israeli counterpart 
NP -> iranian relations 
NP -> senate majority leader of democrats 
NP -> a historic moment 
NP -> a sin in this month 
NP -> the indexes 
NP -> the president 
NP -> the shiites who come and claim 
NP -> armenia 
NP -> more freedom for the players 
NP -> iran 's efforts 
NP -> visit 
NP -> bread 
NP -> the diet 
NP -> fahmideh ` s martyrdom , 
NP -> vienna 
NP -> trouble making stars 
NP -> democracy program 
NP -> saudi capitalists ' money 
NP -> this session of the security council 
NP -> the required conclusions 
NP -> such activities 
NP -> road 
NP -> the cause of this issue 
NP -> merchandise 
NP -> the outer aspect 
NP -> the past four five years 
NP -> different plans 
NP -> bodies 
NP -> a corridor 
NP -> negative influences 
NP -> the special quality of this administration 
NP -> any group and age 
NP -> the lord of israel 
NP -> the effects of dissatisfaction 
NP -> the presented statistics 
NP -> electrical batons 
NP -> imports 
NP -> the produce 
NP -> the ideas 
NP -> fuller marviz abad 
NP -> the affirmation 
NP -> the carpet exports 
NP -> physiotherapy 
NP -> the world nations 
NP -> competitiveness in exports 
NP -> low consumption automobiles 
NP -> the same limitation 
NP -> sexual problems 
NP -> these sitting volleyball competitions 
NP -> the freedom 
NP -> previous governments 
NP -> stricken country 
NP -> malaysia 
NP -> trade union organizations and societies 
NP -> the security of the lock 
NP -> mobarakeh steel and national copper 
NP -> iraq ' s parliament 
NP -> the latest of these technologies 
NP -> khordad of next year 
NP -> this project 
NP -> atomic right 
NP -> a welfare government 
NP -> our country 's foreign affairs minister 
NP -> these topics 
NP -> this topic 
NP -> commander american forces 
NP -> his hope 
NP -> political individuals 
NP -> one of the bishops 
NP -> some universities due to their nature 
NP -> the previous decade 
NP -> this characteristic of polyarchy in mind 
NP -> civilian victims in $ year 
NP -> the center field 
NP -> various neighborhoods of the city 
NP -> the american ministry for foreign affairs 
NP -> my stay in iran 
NP -> the third central council 
NP -> these talks 
NP -> bassiji ladies 
NP -> the commemoration ceremony of cinema day 
NP -> no hesitation 
NP -> senators 
NP -> iran being solved 
NP -> bojnurd 
NP -> limitations 
NP -> populism 
NP -> usury 
NP -> truth city 
NP -> mahmoud abbas 
NP -> batches 
NP -> key countries 
NP -> special committee 
NP -> rasoul 
NP -> death of loved ones life 
NP -> a final approval 
NP -> the leader of telgodisam party 
NP -> this same book 
NP -> poursorkh 's 
NP -> bright matonga 
NP -> the recent convention 
NP -> the city 's big bazaar 
NP -> the products of hamadan province 
NP -> people who aided imam 
NP -> yusof karami 
NP -> tablets 
NP -> the translation and interpretation 
NP -> a direction 
NP -> bouainain 
NP -> the ball 
NP -> iranian wheat exportation 
NP -> the zone 
NP -> world operation specific society 
NP -> david milibond 
NP -> the training support 
NP -> the supporters of the zionist regime 
NP -> honds 's bestseller in china 
NP -> turkish ottomans 
NP -> the last savior 
NP -> obsolete times 
NP -> difficult decisions 
NP -> foreign policy india ' 
NP -> the topics 
NP -> senior leaders 
NP -> the scene of election 
NP -> the cinema in iran 
NP -> k '' 
NP -> their peers 
NP -> palestine islamic resistance movement 
NP -> consulates 
NP -> treatment 
NP -> the encounter of the police 
NP -> the student koran project 
NP -> nominations for presidency 
NP -> the international monetary fund 
NP -> budget vulnerability 
NP -> commander naja 
NP -> nahavandian 
NP -> saudi arabia sharrif brothers exile 
NP -> artificial 
NP -> the designated land 
NP -> subsidy for chemical fertilizer 
NP -> toffi 's supporters 
NP -> injury 
NP -> iran regarding bombardment of northern iraq 
NP -> grandeur 
NP -> the economic committee of the parliament 
NP -> afghani 
NP -> deep valleys and suburban heights 
NP -> doha 
NP -> south africa 's authorities 
NP -> a thousand forces of this country 
NP -> joseph 's shirt 
NP -> the districts 
NP -> the arcs 
NP -> salvation or rule 
NP -> another one 
NP -> exploration and extraction 
NP -> the characteristic 
NP -> the sound of his chest 
NP -> the special prize 
NP -> a look '' 
NP -> problems in this industry 
NP -> the talks 
NP -> the caspian neighboring countries 
NP -> rainfall and the descent of streams 
NP -> several silos for wheat 
NP -> their problem 
NP -> the georgian community 
NP -> the agricultural sector 
NP -> turkmenistan and islamic republic of iran 
NP -> methanol 
NP -> chamber 
NP -> myanmar 
NP -> the exchange of goods 
NP -> karimov 's 
NP -> the issue of recycling the waste 
NP -> the intensified pressures 
NP -> foreign policy and diplomatic organization 
NP -> tuesday night 
NP -> much fruit 
NP -> the destiny 
NP -> the very present president of america 
NP -> foreign circles or coincidental 
NP -> his preparedness 
NP -> the increase of government expenses 
NP -> a soldier 
NP -> hazardous developments 
NP -> the dikes 
NP -> manganese oxide 
NP -> the associated press report 
NP -> its northern neighbors 
NP -> pezhvian at the same time 
NP -> america ' s senate 
NP -> image transmission in these countries 
NP -> other measures 
NP -> the northern part 
NP -> three members of family 
NP -> volunteers 
NP -> the spread 
NP -> expectations 
NP -> incidents 
NP -> the holiest place in the world 
NP -> the performance of my players 
NP -> american soldiers 
NP -> the new regulations 
NP -> no doubt supported 
NP -> ghas 's 
NP -> view 
NP -> afshin alaa 
NP -> mr. beyzayi 
NP -> a palestinian activist 
NP -> many countries 
NP -> the coming of muslims into india 
NP -> this member 
NP -> ziyafat noor 
NP -> the largest world institution dispensing justice 
NP -> an article it expressed joy 
NP -> the majority of those present 
NP -> bernard kouchener 
NP -> hemophilia 
NP -> the affirmation of efforts 
NP -> condolence 
NP -> the report of fars 
NP -> the threats against the revolution 
NP -> the old rules and treaties 
NP -> water bottles 
NP -> this accusation 
NP -> the market of goods 
NP -> this type 
NP -> the opposition of the parties present 
NP -> the accuracy 
NP -> the reduction of one 
NP -> our heads 
NP -> effective steps 
NP -> our country 's severe complaint 
NP -> a usual case 
NP -> eshghabad 
NP -> such measures 
NP -> rumsfield richard perle paul wolfowitz 
NP -> the director of the inspection organization 
NP -> the civic center 
NP -> the drugs gangster 
NP -> the lebanoni side 
NP -> negar mohseni 
NP -> violators 
NP -> the physical situation of the animal 
NP -> the university madar 
NP -> sadra company 
NP -> palestine in the future 
NP -> majid nadiry the manager 
NP -> a disorder 
NP -> hamadan province 
NP -> the most famous cinema critic 
NP -> the proof of their claim 
NP -> the old europe 
NP -> the progress of the army 
NP -> thinker intellectual 
NP -> a single tremulous level 
NP -> the continuation of the strike 
NP -> no transgressions in nuclear activities 
NP -> millions of pilgrims and admirers 
NP -> $ year with the aim 
NP -> the financial order 
NP -> karaj school 
NP -> private security companies ' 
NP -> immigrants 
NP -> third period in the presidency post 
NP -> this workshop 
NP -> the product 
NP -> afghanistan foreign ministry in a statement 
NP -> top articles 
NP -> the world and its symbols 
NP -> the micro industry 
NP -> the station the same driver 
NP -> the removal 
NP -> israel 
NP -> such equipments 
NP -> the big hotels in jerusalem 
NP -> means of knowing it 
NP -> pot 
NP -> juliani 
NP -> various parameters 
NP -> some departments and institutes 
NP -> the accused 
NP -> people of dialogue and logic 
NP -> preparation 
NP -> iinfo special 
NP -> haji akbar 
NP -> our country 's 
NP -> the candidate for receiving the prize 
NP -> his power 
NP -> a symmetrical way 
NP -> last after prayer and meal 
NP -> the weather 
NP -> the parts 
NP -> a few years 
NP -> the issue of transit fee 
NP -> their notables 
NP -> the us warnings 
NP -> a press conference 
NP -> the militant group 
NP -> these military operations 
NP -> the friday imam 
NP -> the government supported by america 
NP -> the grief 
NP -> december ( azar ) 
NP -> effectiveness 
NP -> the leading council 
NP -> turkey and iraq 
NP -> honey 
NP -> this bank 
NP -> herzegovina 
NP -> these facilities 
NP -> nato 
NP -> dr seyyed rasool mousavi 
NP -> the u.s. president 
NP -> many advances 
NP -> society administration 
NP -> market privatization 
NP -> the nation and government of iraq 
NP -> his failure 
NP -> the critical talks 
NP -> an interesting initiative en > 
NP -> particular swimming pools 
NP -> strategies of tourist attraction in iran 
NP -> the iraqi prime minister 
NP -> this common concept 
NP -> cairo and amman 
NP -> the cooperatives of border 
NP -> the softwaric dimensions 
NP -> his inferior young trainee and non 
NP -> the same perspective 
NP -> people ' s democracy 
NP -> higher musical education 
NP -> iranian team 
NP -> the tissues 
NP -> the first beauteous and blessed revolution 
NP -> the genetic path 
NP -> a research 
NP -> development for people 
NP -> the foreign ministry 
NP -> a special situation 
NP -> lack of research 
NP -> other countries its own security 
NP -> preventable accidents 
NP -> reliable friends 
NP -> economic and constructional projects 
NP -> his working priority 
NP -> any concert since that time 
NP -> the threat 
NP -> a passenger vehicle 
NP -> india ' s relation with iran 
NP -> america and israel 
NP -> this association 
NP -> case a carrier person 
NP -> allah al 
NP -> the world oppression 
NP -> the past generations of this region 
NP -> this american newspaper 
NP -> advantage 
NP -> no action 
NP -> an interview with borna 
NP -> tokyo the head 
NP -> the new period 
NP -> foreign currency deputy 
NP -> the plutonium issue 
NP -> this athletic field 
NP -> these oppressive powers 
NP -> cholera sickness 
NP -> the growth of the council 
NP -> the energy in middle 
NP -> bosnia and herzegovina 
NP -> the slogan 
NP -> the schools throughout this province 
NP -> this animal 
NP -> proliferation 
NP -> tehran urban council 
NP -> the rulers ' 
NP -> the necessity of maintaining and developing 
NP -> the perch of bees and butterflies 
NP -> olympics 
NP -> sync 
NP -> the kashan governor 
NP -> the duty 
NP -> delightful speech enraptures 
NP -> this university professor 
NP -> science evaluation 
NP -> the death of the dolphins 
NP -> the issue of the retaining wall 
NP -> the limitation of bojnurd city 
NP -> this predicament 
NP -> solidity of bones and teeth health 
NP -> cooperation including political economical 
NP -> their grapes 
NP -> japanese media 
NP -> the house of fuller 
NP -> a nice shape 
NP -> extraversion of this verse 
NP -> insufficiency in refining capacity 
NP -> the resulting income 
NP -> statements 
NP -> the bazargan vineyard road 
NP -> the laughable adventure 
NP -> truthfulness 
NP -> the allocation 
NP -> harlan olman 
NP -> ben al 
NP -> their guards 
NP -> cultural heritage of semnan province 
NP -> the drugs 
NP -> elections it only relies on form 
NP -> saturday 's 
NP -> achievements 
NP -> other human apparatus 
NP -> underclass layer 
NP -> damascus and tel 
NP -> aspects and issues 
NP -> jim 
NP -> copper 
NP -> military ceremonials 
NP -> second principle order 
NP -> leaders and members 
NP -> zali 
NP -> leadership 
NP -> the policy of george 
NP -> the strategic goals 
NP -> the cement needed for construction 
NP -> the publication 
NP -> the available investments 
NP -> complete agreement in this regard 
NP -> syrian and iraqi sides 
NP -> the first project 
NP -> continental hotel of bangkok 
NP -> the authorization 
NP -> the defenders 
NP -> gasoline 
NP -> the reporters 
NP -> the boycotting office 
NP -> closure 
NP -> western media 's insult 
NP -> the presence of popular movie 
NP -> term of bush 
NP -> security in the society 
NP -> production and construction 
NP -> water consumption enjoyed 
NP -> standard 
NP -> the disciples 
NP -> the chancellor of germany in visbaden 
NP -> parvar region of semnan 
NP -> industrial countries in this gathering 
NP -> non oil sectors of iran 
NP -> everyone 
NP -> experience knowledge of observation 
NP -> the western films 
NP -> ranking iranian officials 
NP -> a physician 's 
NP -> this role and such a person 
NP -> relationship and contact 
NP -> the cold 
NP -> khartoum 
NP -> avocadoes , coconuts and olives 
NP -> malicious hands 
NP -> this deliberation 
NP -> corrections 
NP -> shilan kish company 
NP -> young 
NP -> seyyed mohammad khamenei 
NP -> the expansion of non 
NP -> the time of earache 
NP -> the present special source 
NP -> their mortgage 
NP -> food security 
NP -> not buy the share 
NP -> no spokesman 
NP -> the leadership 
NP -> this american news agency 
NP -> existing banks 
NP -> skill 
NP -> public projects 
NP -> bhutto ' 
NP -> islam in iraq 
NP -> the wise people 
NP -> liberals 
NP -> sudan parliament 's 
NP -> talks 
NP -> an independent place 
NP -> our team 
NP -> islamic jihad 
NP -> supervisor 
NP -> lukoil 
NP -> the non littoral states military 
NP -> excitation and innovation 
NP -> important issues 
NP -> this sense 
NP -> the rights of homosexuals 
NP -> new methods 
NP -> mahmood abbas 
NP -> ground water the permeability of sewage 
NP -> green lobby 
NP -> the accused persons 
NP -> production in the country 
NP -> the end of life 
NP -> other lines 
NP -> regional economic outlook 
NP -> great achievements 
NP -> bigger every day 
NP -> swindles in the cities 
NP -> his house in tehran 
NP -> permits 
NP -> administration 
NP -> the new generation computers 
NP -> present created in the country 
NP -> the amount of presented products 
NP -> tehran and lapaz 
NP -> its plans 
NP -> the effective steps 
NP -> bhartia janata party '' 
NP -> opinion 
NP -> the developing countries and developed countries 
NP -> only small problems 
NP -> islamic republic ' 
NP -> life in quran 
NP -> its interests 
NP -> this scene 
NP -> fighters 
NP -> the thoughts of zionism and israel 
NP -> two nations 
NP -> taekwondo players and women 
NP -> their goal 
NP -> france president 
NP -> the old and worn 
NP -> flowers 
NP -> the world experience 
NP -> today 's conditions 
NP -> the imamate 
NP -> the majority of international observers 
NP -> iran in the near future 
NP -> the war era 
NP -> crimes 
NP -> tourist attraction in iran 
NP -> the consumer 
NP -> the mass producer 
NP -> the living conditions 
NP -> the proposal of george 
NP -> sarhad 
NP -> the review 
NP -> a woman 
NP -> no doubt 
NP -> the iranian nation 
NP -> judiciary lawyers ' 
NP -> offering of stocks 
NP -> the foundations 
NP -> nearly three decades in sanction circumstances 
NP -> new president 
NP -> severe worry 
NP -> its foreign policy 
NP -> every new 
NP -> pecuniary ability 
NP -> the realm of thought 
NP -> the next months 
NP -> your answer 
NP -> the leaders of opposition parties 
NP -> few 
NP -> a correct act 
NP -> fans of his 
NP -> its throwing 
NP -> this sanctioning way against iran 
NP -> defense in an interview 
NP -> depth 
NP -> many questions and concerns 
NP -> any path left 
NP -> newspaper 
NP -> our revolution 
NP -> favor of dr 
NP -> the islamic world 
NP -> the number of american soldiers 
NP -> a solution 
NP -> any stand for the groups 
NP -> both these criminal soldiers 
NP -> the resistance district 
NP -> both addicts 
NP -> iran 's nuclear program 
NP -> recognition and intensification 
NP -> contract 
NP -> the leaders of the countries 
NP -> relations in the tourism sector 
NP -> this townlet 
NP -> two tableaux 
NP -> the participation 
NP -> the statesmen 
NP -> the heavy expenses 
NP -> this adjustment 
NP -> target markets 
NP -> this ideology 
NP -> the final establishment 
NP -> the issue of being a threat 
NP -> my only recommendation 
NP -> gholam ali hadad adel 
NP -> this movement and evolution 
NP -> government of palestine 
NP -> an military base 
NP -> deprivation 
NP -> supporters of terrorists 
NP -> the islamic banking 
NP -> caviar fish 
NP -> bangkok ' 
NP -> the gates of heaven and paradise 
NP -> the tenth continental championship cup 
NP -> batvani 
NP -> washington their hands 
NP -> terms of urbanity and urbanization 
NP -> the iranian nuclear dispute 
NP -> the time of shah iran 
NP -> a higher reason 
NP -> the national bank of the country 
NP -> iran shilat reserves 
NP -> the principals 
NP -> the present arab residents 
NP -> influences 
NP -> the royal court 
NP -> the islamic conference 
NP -> an orientalist 
NP -> the prisons 
NP -> the foreign policy 
NP -> disturbance 
NP -> plans on agenda to control liquidity 
NP -> the solar panels 
NP -> a significant presence 
NP -> the advices 
NP -> the tender of this project 
NP -> the crisis case 
NP -> time taking 
NP -> the judgment of people 
NP -> magnificent god 
NP -> his period 
NP -> the court 
NP -> the agreements of the parliament 
NP -> the sunni insurgents 
NP -> the audience 
NP -> the issue of culture building 
NP -> the production of rice 
NP -> the encouragement and continuity 
NP -> foreign tourists or countrymen 
NP -> hopes 
NP -> carpet weaving 
NP -> moezipoor ' 
NP -> the psychological war 
NP -> the lebanese army with the us 
NP -> religion utmost effort 
NP -> absolute 
NP -> the goals of the compromise conference 
NP -> the azadi stadium 
NP -> each city 
NP -> the series 
NP -> dividends 
NP -> the age of major absence 
NP -> india 's government 
NP -> the transcription 
NP -> the revolution ' s leadership 
NP -> deceased allameh nayini 
NP -> the removal of the trading problem 
NP -> this organization ' s oil production 
NP -> the frontier dialeh province 
NP -> an appropriate and active service 
NP -> the missions and activities 
NP -> iranian basketball to the olympics 
NP -> mountain hiking 
NP -> birth 
NP -> larger investigations 
NP -> the process of projects ' progress 
NP -> small monorails 
NP -> the same as inductive science 
NP -> islamic identification 
NP -> the islamic republic 
NP -> ballistic long range missiles 
NP -> the egyptian officials 
NP -> this shia source 
NP -> the context life 
NP -> today 's generation 
NP -> the considerations 
NP -> the idea of his own country 
NP -> the online desk 
NP -> their former chief 
NP -> loopholes 
NP -> the minister for the economy 
NP -> wouldn ' 
NP -> the magical beauties 
NP -> missile path finder stations 
NP -> the other goal 
NP -> manufacturing of parts with high technology 
NP -> this approach iran 
NP -> higher education 
NP -> the explanation 
NP -> many words 
NP -> the country 's dire need 
NP -> different cities 
NP -> the last 
NP -> a huge collection of manuscripts 
NP -> two or three countries 
NP -> the healing of this little child 
NP -> the votes of parliament deputies 
NP -> the symbol 
NP -> the draft constitution 
NP -> contradictions en > 
NP -> the aid booth 
NP -> an impact 
NP -> all the needs of a person 
NP -> holly defense 
NP -> the sanctum 
NP -> a certain amount of the tool 
NP -> force in bosnia - herzegovina 
NP -> nalapet '' 
NP -> marviz abad of mehriz but been 
NP -> the congressional report 
NP -> small and colorful cushions 
NP -> the matters 
NP -> elite classes ' government 
NP -> my acquaintances 
NP -> front of ruhit palace 
NP -> all these attempts 
NP -> the first phase prerequisites 
NP -> its adventure seeking 
NP -> a different order 
NP -> every single player 
NP -> planning and supervision of vice presidency 
NP -> divine success 
NP -> master 's 
NP -> the advices of the leadership 
NP -> enough so much slaughter you committed 
NP -> the oil company of lukoil 
NP -> attacking iraq 
NP -> mind and conduct 
NP -> instructions of administration of the society 
NP -> the guidance breach 
NP -> the partiality 
NP -> afghanistan ministry of foreign affairs 
NP -> cooperative companies and purchasing institutions 
NP -> polluting small parts 
NP -> a time of need 
NP -> farnia 
NP -> the fourteenth international fair 
NP -> consuming 
NP -> marketing 
NP -> the principal factor 
NP -> the level productions 
NP -> the sector of fuel 
NP -> the first intifada 
NP -> iraq 's kurdish government 
NP -> farouq al shara ' 
NP -> feisal 
NP -> iran 's interference 
NP -> stunning pictures 
NP -> the treat of a entered tehran 
NP -> a new experience 
NP -> israel 's retreat 
NP -> ayatollah sistani 
NP -> society level 
NP -> such an incident 
NP -> this street 
NP -> the best among the iranian nation 
NP -> sanaijar region 
NP -> the police of tehran 
NP -> political tools , a psychological war 
NP -> attacking iran 
NP -> columbia university 
NP -> one third water 
NP -> this strike 
NP -> food security on the world level 
NP -> chaos 
NP -> problems of the iraqi people 
NP -> some university personalities 
NP -> armenians 
NP -> this official 
NP -> his the basij 
NP -> the danger of intravenous deep thrombosis 
NP -> the world in an appropriate manner 
NP -> peaceful aims 
NP -> glands of sweat open 
NP -> political group 
NP -> sureness 
NP -> its threats 
NP -> fact russian 
NP -> nuclear weapons of his country 
NP -> the dissatisfaction of the people 
NP -> its revolution 
NP -> white marble 
NP -> their deprivation 
NP -> the positive things 
NP -> a man called hamed 
NP -> religious beliefs and people 's faith 
NP -> different sections 
NP -> the housing sector 
NP -> the united states throughout the world 
NP -> international community in bosnia and herzegovina 
NP -> afghanistan foreign ministry 
NP -> internal tumors 
NP -> a living 
NP -> the new president 
NP -> all iranians 
NP -> the traditional cities of iran 
NP -> the last years and months 
NP -> little income 
NP -> a worse condition 
NP -> this embassy 
NP -> ambassadors 
NP -> mohseni > 
NP -> zionist developments 
NP -> their education 
NP -> the title of '' bewilderment '' 
NP -> wing 
NP -> a politician 
NP -> iran 's gas exports 
NP -> fasting 
NP -> power and nuclear energy 
NP -> the memorandum of understanding 
NP -> eshgh 
NP -> the start 
NP -> a good fight 
NP -> japan maritime self 
NP -> the aim of this visit 
NP -> person warmonger 
NP -> the memory 
NP -> experts ' points of view 
NP -> russian activities in recent months 
NP -> the parts of the country 
NP -> disagreement 
NP -> the conception of a consortium 
NP -> other traditions of ramadan in thailand 
NP -> iran , tajikistan and afghanistan 
NP -> a positive role 
NP -> their economic maturity 
NP -> his way 
NP -> the change in the season 
NP -> the export markets 
NP -> their own places 
NP -> confiscation 
NP -> a completely technical point of view 
NP -> the channels of news 
NP -> the three people 
NP -> top of the brick eight 
NP -> this transformation 
NP -> the east of the country 
NP -> a realistic matter 
NP -> american house of representatives 
NP -> al - atieh states 
NP -> the first time sheik 
NP -> these roles saba 
NP -> traffic accidents 
NP -> the scientists of the hubble project 
NP -> the relationship 
NP -> the peaceful solution 
NP -> this mission 
NP -> this association 's activity 
NP -> private and public 
NP -> sites 
NP -> the honor diploma 
NP -> his vocational priorities 
NP -> the increase or reduction 
NP -> the love 
NP -> businesses and shopkeepers 
NP -> work groups 
NP -> imam reza 
NP -> the bank 
NP -> the south 
NP -> its circulating capital 
NP -> political and technical changes 
NP -> a decrease in budget vulnerability 
NP -> eastern azerbaijan governor 
NP -> vice 
NP -> mulina 
NP -> the philosophy 
NP -> all over the country 
NP -> these individuals 
NP -> some spots 
NP -> ms. rice 
NP -> the autonomous republic of nakhjavan 
NP -> two works 
NP -> these centers 
NP -> another part of the package 
NP -> the dust 
NP -> other narcotic drugs 
NP -> isolation 
NP -> extra livestock 
NP -> the former president of our country 
NP -> customs matters of northern khorasan 
NP -> its defense 
NP -> internet addiction disorder ( iad ) 
NP -> the goals of development 
NP -> public companies 
NP -> oneself 
NP -> the issue of downsizing government 
NP -> the english forces 
NP -> targeted countries 
NP -> a plan 
NP -> priority to productive constructive plans 
NP -> net special 
NP -> four robots 
NP -> the democratic representative of california 
NP -> bank 's secret information 
NP -> saudi arabia ' s offer 
NP -> banking and insurance affairs 
NP -> feet 
NP -> the capitals 
NP -> presidency 
NP -> private security companies 
NP -> progress in that country 
NP -> dhok province 
NP -> the iraqi government cabinet 
NP -> international interference 
NP -> company 
NP -> outbreak 
NP -> honda 
NP -> fees 
NP -> this of islam 
NP -> untapped 
NP -> the magnification 
NP -> other factors 
NP -> notices 
NP -> the poems 
NP -> full time 
NP -> decreasing costs 
NP -> asleep 
NP -> a different interpretation 
NP -> openings 
NP -> nato ` s members 
NP -> a medical center 
NP -> the accomplished changes 
NP -> party and saakashvili 
NP -> the conclusion 
NP -> some timeago 
NP -> foreign development and trade 
NP -> turkey 
NP -> ibrahim moradi 
NP -> the anger 
NP -> the groundwork for five way agreements 
NP -> the culture of development for people 
NP -> countries and people 
NP -> any expertise in this field 
NP -> american circles 
NP -> a theme 
NP -> a type of semi pressured plastic 
NP -> the fundamental problems of the middle 
NP -> the leadership position 
NP -> vice presidency 
NP -> candles 
NP -> the other important and effective factor 
NP -> the technology of this advanced fighter 
NP -> the world bank chief 
NP -> completely positive report cards 
NP -> five six soldiers 
NP -> the salfists and bathists 
NP -> non oil sectors 
NP -> the scholars of najaf 
NP -> california unprecedently 
NP -> the management 
NP -> an extent 
NP -> the state government 
NP -> islamic countries 
NP -> the innocent people of palestine 
NP -> the vehement reaction 
NP -> the left side 
NP -> the accusations 
NP -> good services 
NP -> the more benefits 
NP -> gorgestan and moldavi 
NP -> an absolute separation 
NP -> this referendum 
NP -> people ' s inclination 
NP -> short of the islamic countries 
NP -> consideration in this decision making 
NP -> muscat 
NP -> the ninth administration in the province 
NP -> the american newspaper 
NP -> the great leader ' s statements 
NP -> the food and environment cool 
NP -> the political department 
NP -> the tourist city of sarein 
NP -> the parliament 's 
NP -> a situation for negotiation 
NP -> power in india 
NP -> the total budget 
NP -> the potential 
NP -> victims 
NP -> the architectural traditions 
NP -> existence or nonexistence of the rial 
NP -> the sound pollution 
NP -> the iranian films with this title 
NP -> a major role 
NP -> the arranging 
NP -> authorities 
NP -> page 
NP -> the two metros 
NP -> national and the islamic world dimensions 
NP -> the prices 
NP -> expert work 
NP -> any of these issues 
NP -> official status 
NP -> this authority 
NP -> all arenas 
NP -> the recording 
NP -> revolt and strength and advancement 
NP -> such thoughts in mind 
NP -> meaning 
NP -> foreign affairs of poland 
NP -> the special prize of the competitions 
NP -> the great intentions 
NP -> other update armaments and facilities 
NP -> a regional strategy 
NP -> the congress building 
NP -> the consignment 
NP -> eco 
NP -> new conservatives in the year 
NP -> irancell 
NP -> the entire expense 
NP -> the global price 
NP -> the consultation center 
NP -> economical added value 
NP -> initiation 
NP -> great wayfarers 
NP -> their own prestige 
NP -> the murmuring for the merger 
NP -> one third breath 
NP -> the russian ministry 
NP -> our sake and our lives 
NP -> a researcher and an indian professor 
NP -> general physicians 
NP -> the us house 
NP -> rest 
NP -> a coordinated and harmonious way 
NP -> both parties palestinian and israeli 
NP -> any price control procedure 
NP -> a group 
NP -> the active men 
NP -> some regions of pakistan 
NP -> practice 
NP -> majid aflaki 
NP -> its reason 
NP -> occupaty goujar 
NP -> movahedi 
NP -> the guidance officials 
NP -> bank 
NP -> athlete students 
NP -> communications 
NP -> the point of perfection 
NP -> the government of america 
NP -> the high number of the decision 
NP -> the formal authorities 
NP -> atom bomb 
NP -> ahmad rashidi 
NP -> deputy heads 
NP -> religiousness and piety 
NP -> the assimilation 
NP -> very small degree of radiation 
NP -> the highest manifestations 
NP -> traditional music 
NP -> the continuation of the five 
NP -> its normal process 
NP -> the mountainous and the districts 
NP -> anbar province 
NP -> psychoanalysts 
NP -> this set of work 
NP -> villages and farms 
NP -> a very welcoming opportunity 
NP -> iran 's name 
NP -> the trade development organization 's experts 
NP -> the council meeting 
NP -> their lands 
NP -> representative of the islamic consultative assembly 
NP -> boy children 
NP -> the domain of religion 
NP -> this arsenal 
NP -> prior 
NP -> the need fund 
NP -> some of the goods 
NP -> their goods at half 
NP -> a great deal of disdain 
NP -> the first role and standard 
NP -> law breaking and disrespect 
NP -> the probable wounded of this explosion 
NP -> these houses 
NP -> shortages 
NP -> iran and russia 
NP -> the eleventh celebration 
NP -> the eighteenth general congress on tuberculosis 
NP -> the most important pivots 
NP -> a disabled person 
NP -> the prevention boundary 
NP -> programs in next norooz 
NP -> quran in the context life 
NP -> the time of cold war 
NP -> belgrade 's 
NP -> the council of rulers 
NP -> darfur crisis 
NP -> corruption and prostitution 
NP -> their statutes 
NP -> houses 
NP -> a need 
NP -> great tehran 
NP -> the options suggested in this report 
NP -> ayatollahi 
NP -> western jews 
NP -> a book somewhat less labor 
NP -> joy and pleasure 
NP -> iran ' s reasonable cooperation 
NP -> tavarikh val ghesas , tarikh 
NP -> its quick and explicit positions 
NP -> mankind 's 
NP -> god 's glory 
NP -> large cities 
NP -> babulsar ' s banks 
NP -> expensive automobiles and clothing 
NP -> louise amadou the portuguese foreign minister 
NP -> permit 
NP -> the official member 
NP -> the american ministry 
NP -> the plan of active tuberculosis 
NP -> new york 
NP -> its laws by the relevant organs 
NP -> a certain time 
NP -> the educational workshop 
NP -> defence maritime force of japan 
NP -> the composers of philosophical poetry 
NP -> the realm of literature 
NP -> repair work 
NP -> atmospheric telescope 
NP -> separate parliaments and government organizations 
NP -> low cost housing 
NP -> the atmosphere of the istanbul conference 
NP -> the trend of the dossier 
NP -> my business travel 
NP -> the cause of difficulties 
NP -> two arenas 
NP -> the same time 
NP -> the law and disrespect 
NP -> all these years 
NP -> tehran 's team mehdi 
NP -> the topic 
NP -> the country it was necessary 
NP -> a significant progress in nuclear science 
NP -> the days of campaigns 
NP -> this country ' s flag 
NP -> the average 
NP -> the president and prime minister 
NP -> the weapons 
NP -> the system of diesel intelligent card 
NP -> the next session 
NP -> the prophet many wars 
NP -> some copies 
NP -> the direction of the constitution 
NP -> green lobby and blue lobby 
NP -> the money 
NP -> the west side 
NP -> one 's life 
NP -> the brew they fell into pot 
NP -> self protection 
NP -> iraq nouri al 
NP -> important access 
NP -> the heads of commonwealth countries 
NP -> the continuation of serious confrontation 
NP -> the museum of contemporary arts 
NP -> the most effective and enduring methods 
NP -> resolution 
NP -> not oral utterance 
NP -> your words 
NP -> a normal mood 
NP -> the slightest unpredictable incident 
NP -> shahrivar 
NP -> close most locations 
NP -> the natural resources 
NP -> the foundation 
NP -> melleh means 
NP -> a motivation and creativity 
NP -> the side of us and nato 
NP -> disappointing words about the youth 
NP -> purse snatching 
NP -> a particular material 
NP -> government expenses 
NP -> the end 
NP -> the two major disorders 
NP -> literature with the title 
NP -> the basis of these two high 
NP -> numerous disasters 
NP -> him in today ' s meeting 
NP -> this mosque 
NP -> putin the distribution of incorrect information 
NP -> the internationalism of the internet 
NP -> the foreign exchange reserve account 
NP -> delightful speech enraptures every iranian 
NP -> their daily business and carrying money 
NP -> the formation , stabilization and durability 
NP -> nervous and agitated difficulties 
NP -> the digital city 
NP -> a chimney from which smoke 
NP -> the accompanying diseases 
NP -> no error 
NP -> the presidential palace 
NP -> bile and blood 
NP -> the process of reactions 
NP -> the ladies ' capability 
NP -> the waviness 
NP -> the most yellow color 
NP -> internet threats 
NP -> the same period 
NP -> the candidates 
NP -> advanced and scientific techniques 
NP -> iran and germany 
NP -> the information and newspapers 
NP -> human life psychological and aspects islam 
NP -> paktia val 
NP -> the opposite result 
NP -> iran 's first trade partner 
NP -> the actual statistics 
NP -> their national unity 
NP -> a secret to the economic experts 
NP -> $ year he pressured rumsfeld 
NP -> every viewer 
NP -> the license 
NP -> the increasing attention 
NP -> any exaggeration 
NP -> afshin ghotbi 
NP -> sensual knowledge 
NP -> its own security 
NP -> the nuclear fuel 
NP -> the iraqi kurdistan workers ' 
NP -> zionism 
NP -> this entity 
NP -> tight association 
NP -> more explorations 
NP -> a highly populated shiite suburb 
NP -> the railroad of kazakhstan 
NP -> he in the continuation 
NP -> suitable land 
NP -> a superficial level 
NP -> the values of the islamic revolution 
NP -> his meeting 
NP -> one hand , ziad nakhala 
NP -> freedom and democracy motto 
NP -> hasan ali nouri 
NP -> professor ayazi 
NP -> presence 
NP -> his guidance 
NP -> labor ministry ' 
NP -> difficulty number 
NP -> cooperation between the two countries 
NP -> pharaoh and burying girls before islam 
NP -> child abuse as a social problem 
NP -> its vessels 
NP -> the development of defense missile equipments 
NP -> the gates 
NP -> sarkozy and angela 
NP -> the scenario of his terror 
NP -> labor 
NP -> the context 
NP -> yosano 
NP -> the fist stage 
NP -> the scientific group 
NP -> the national parliaments of member countries 
NP -> the political negotiations 
NP -> the intestines 
NP -> stabilization and fame 
NP -> the newest american armaments 
NP -> practical assessment 
NP -> the courtyard 
NP -> tears in mourning 
NP -> the expert 
NP -> the young people 
NP -> source of supplying 
NP -> the better team 
NP -> economic and job 
NP -> sleeping disorders 
NP -> their goods at half - price 
NP -> religions in the final statement 
NP -> the transmitted pictures of this robot 
NP -> the health of prisoners 
NP -> their mobility and glory 
NP -> south africa 's 
NP -> diplomatic negotiations between iraqi officials 
NP -> ronnie 's leg 
NP -> the head of household 
NP -> relationship 
NP -> the two fleeing thieves 
NP -> generations future 
NP -> these areas 
NP -> lawyers 
NP -> two 
NP -> our mobility 
NP -> nobody 
NP -> sharif khan 
NP -> the workers 
NP -> proposed strategies 
NP -> the rise of global oil price 
NP -> much efficiency 
NP -> the islamic guidance minister 
NP -> the price of gasoline 
NP -> any effort 
NP -> its experimental phases 
NP -> nice 
NP -> a philanthropic person 
NP -> ghasem ferdowssi 
NP -> the sports olympiads 
NP -> karachi 
NP -> the cabinet 's structure 
NP -> the members present 
NP -> zionist 
NP -> the private islamic university 
NP -> the rocky hills 
NP -> formation 
NP -> the english guardianship 
NP -> foreign enemies and some domestic media 
NP -> every day 
NP -> the measure zionist regime against syria 
NP -> the inner ear and eardrum 
NP -> our requests 
NP -> the quotations 
NP -> special authority 
NP -> not an enemy soldier 
NP -> mahmood ahmadinejad in two separate orders 
NP -> the interior ministry 
NP -> appropriate amenities 
NP -> inflammation and destruction 
NP -> trainers 
NP -> the twenty third article 
NP -> the development of the human mind 
NP -> complete independence in world affairs 
NP -> iran economic sanctions 
NP -> the control of elections ` violence 
NP -> reviewing and approval 
NP -> our negotiations 
NP -> three time spans 
NP -> medical sciences 
NP -> crises in international stock markets 
NP -> shah found out about the incident 
NP -> mehr news agency 
NP -> the necessary extent 
NP -> a cultural nato 
NP -> a training class of child psychology 
NP -> the right management 
NP -> its characteristics 
NP -> the realm of the persian literature 
NP -> progress in the province 
NP -> the drawing 
NP -> the previous administration 
NP -> jata 
NP -> the inquiry 
NP -> the recent measure 
NP -> the representatives of the islamic majlis 
NP -> requests 
NP -> a number of american scientists 
NP -> aylam province education and training organization 
NP -> the beginning of the twenty 
NP -> the portuguese foreign minister 
NP -> divine satisfaction 
NP -> their issues and interests 
NP -> the best 
NP -> the statesmen of the white house 
NP -> the negligence 
NP -> this republic 
NP -> the president of this country 
NP -> the expansion of nato 
NP -> bagheran cement factory 
NP -> the environment 
NP -> any politician and economic director 
NP -> better couplet or mathnavi 
NP -> the permission of the defense minister 
NP -> lyric verse 
NP -> area 
NP -> the palestinian refugees 
NP -> the objective in the ninth government 
NP -> this breathing 
NP -> its nature 
NP -> the supporters 
NP -> land and housing 
NP -> all his being 
NP -> the death 
NP -> the times of imam moahmad bagher 
NP -> the research team 
NP -> assistant secretary 
NP -> the current gregorian year 
NP -> national group 
NP -> situation is better 
NP -> the white house didn ' t 
NP -> future generations 
NP -> inflation index 
NP -> them in the city 
NP -> the accepted sectors in the constitution 
NP -> the interaction 
NP -> maliki 's 
NP -> absorbing more foreign capital 
NP -> a distinct voice 
NP -> educational organizations 
NP -> repentance or intercession 
NP -> reactions 
NP -> andimeshk residents 
NP -> a dynamic condition of the society 
NP -> the current requirements and international 
NP -> petroleum and gas 
NP -> negar mohseni from tehran 
NP -> musharraf 
NP -> seffin dezaei 
NP -> the country 's 
NP -> the leadership regarding prevention of squander 
NP -> relation with their counterparts 
NP -> a country 
NP -> the humiliation 
NP -> the whole world 
NP -> correction and annotation 
NP -> the existence of the zionist regime 
NP -> spending 
NP -> the shortage in supply 
NP -> muslims particularly buddhists 
NP -> the welfare of their nation 
NP -> the needs and religious instructions 
NP -> the movie 
NP -> standard and industrial research of iran 
NP -> women police 
NP -> the investment 
NP -> the texture and form of objects 
NP -> rice 's face 
NP -> the population 
NP -> crude oil in the market 
NP -> this company 's 
NP -> the maximum seats 
NP -> public awareness 
NP -> those streets 
NP -> the occurrence of this regrettable bereavement 
NP -> shahab mohammad 
NP -> last thursday 
NP -> order to equip 
NP -> the subjects of nanotechnology 
NP -> political means 
NP -> elevating 
NP -> a different path 
NP -> family members 
NP -> the islamic culture and guidance minister 
NP -> the condemnation of insolence 
NP -> ethnic groups 
NP -> its gyroscopes 
NP -> movement ( nam ) 
NP -> this big complex 
NP -> the islamic resistance movement 
NP -> his second term 
NP -> the sory division of sleep research 
NP -> the printing 
NP -> the heart of a wayfarer 
NP -> the delay 
NP -> star and cypress tree 
NP -> a considerable share of the market 
NP -> the possible weapon 
NP -> the result of the test 
NP -> naser the main character 
NP -> the political and social situation 
NP -> the european parliament elections 
NP -> surplus weight and the time 
NP -> small spaces 
NP -> the sunni 
NP -> public pressure 
NP -> the incident some 
NP -> the red rashes or spots 
NP -> any tax unit 
NP -> the volunteers ' 
NP -> kerman - irna 
NP -> the disciplinary authorities of this city 
NP -> the same issue of this monthly 
NP -> the differences 
NP -> this assembly 
NP -> their predecessors 
NP -> meetings of opec 
NP -> the above theory 
NP -> runners 
NP -> the waterway in the sink 
NP -> the patient 
NP -> men and women in society 
NP -> a society 
NP -> payment 
NP -> the form of eighteen documents 
NP -> modern capitulation 
NP -> the membership of the president 
NP -> the extending of immediate mutual efforts 
NP -> the possibility of any kind 
NP -> business and receiving and payments 
NP -> the increase of forces in iraq 
NP -> french secretary of state to baghdad 
NP -> southern areas of the country 
NP -> condemnation of insult 
NP -> the limiting operations to occupaty goujar 
NP -> growth and advancement 
NP -> the ministry of communication 
NP -> this issue talks 
NP -> prino 
NP -> confrontation i 
NP -> morteza avini 
NP -> power 
NP -> international law , international relations 
NP -> this artificial hand 
NP -> the south of ghir 
NP -> hertzel 
NP -> the battleground with careful planning 
NP -> elimination 
NP -> the axis of export development 
NP -> this confidence among students 
NP -> the public level 
NP -> tomorrow 
NP -> evidence 
NP -> associated press in an analytical report 
NP -> the next generation 
NP -> people 's faith 
NP -> the clergies of the army 
NP -> any name and address 
NP -> the united states senate committee 
NP -> the decrease of production costs 
NP -> this report pars theater 
NP -> these sim cards 
NP -> the aspects of modern international developments 
NP -> other words 
NP -> the call 
NP -> the military arm 
NP -> the family of this poet 
NP -> event 
NP -> the complete and profound implementation 
NP -> their duty 
NP -> mr jahanbaglou ' s fellowship costs 
NP -> prophets , mass misfortunes and disasters 
NP -> the occupied territories 
NP -> his elections slogans 
NP -> gouti 's 
NP -> the cession of companies 
NP -> the official time of session 
NP -> an antiwar woman ' 
NP -> the report 
NP -> the monetary and financial structure 
NP -> various enemy threats 
NP -> your work 
NP -> the last year ' 
NP -> other human apparatus and activities 
NP -> these sectors in the province 
NP -> swindles 
NP -> culture and islamic guidance robat karim 
NP -> different kinds 
NP -> the topics of natural science 
NP -> encouragement leave 
NP -> a location 
NP -> belarus 
NP -> the importance of continuing diplomacy 
NP -> the government of zionist 
NP -> line of imam 
NP -> nuclear knowledge 
NP -> a few experts and specialists 
NP -> contributers and files 
NP -> the countdown 
NP -> the inspection affairs of the consumers 
NP -> the loss 
NP -> her colleagues 
NP -> the cost of animal oil 
NP -> cause of the accident 
NP -> order and design 
NP -> the subscription 
NP -> experiences and evidences and witnesses 
NP -> his mind 
NP -> extra oil production 
NP -> the western genre 
NP -> the positive effects 
NP -> assistant cultural press office 
NP -> any commercial , cultural visual dealings 
NP -> this merge 
NP -> the landing of the airplane 
NP -> bahrain ' s house of representatives 
NP -> his cooperation 
NP -> lumiere brothers 
NP -> mehregan and cheheltekeh biennials 
NP -> its superiority outlook 
NP -> the production of materials 
NP -> the most noxious nuclear radiations 
NP -> the shinhoa news agency from baghdad 
NP -> the developing countries 
NP -> the middle east peace conference 
NP -> a direct talk 
NP -> various countries 
NP -> the past few years 
NP -> the name 
NP -> their only problem concerning the results 
NP -> five million rials 
NP -> security problems of iraq 
NP -> powel 
NP -> the receptiveness 
NP -> the content of negotiation 
NP -> the company zenn motor co. 
NP -> researches from around the world 
NP -> this conservative candidate 
NP -> the foreign contractor 
NP -> general corps 
NP -> formal and accepted requirements 
NP -> the killing of our people 
NP -> abdullah farji 
NP -> salah al - din 
NP -> free petrol 
NP -> athletics 
NP -> the title bass shakvi 
NP -> zahedan 's airport 
NP -> the unprecedented rise 
NP -> all the hard work 
NP -> the next speaker 
NP -> this base 
NP -> the peronist party 
NP -> natural oil and gas 
NP -> our job 
NP -> figures and numbers 
NP -> national intelligence organization 
NP -> fuel drafts 
NP -> his 
NP -> pervez musharraf 
NP -> their bilateral relations 
NP -> assessment can 
NP -> the failure of privatization 
NP -> u.s. ground forces 
NP -> etemad melli newspaper 
NP -> almost nothing 
NP -> a correct move 
NP -> the credit process 
NP -> the forecasted regions 
NP -> these grounds 
NP -> the country 's security 
NP -> the negative vote india 
NP -> the peace pipeline project 
NP -> idealists justice 
NP -> doubt 
NP -> a large family 
NP -> no expressive signals 
NP -> favor of one group 
NP -> hygienic products safety 
NP -> healthy food 
NP -> putin to tehran 
NP -> the threatening 
NP -> the flag 
NP -> no message 
NP -> registration of local banks 
NP -> spiritual respect 
NP -> craftsmen 
NP -> hamid reza babaee 
NP -> the islamic consultative assembly chairman 
NP -> the foreign affairs ministry 
NP -> its own country 
NP -> a portion 
NP -> the oral patients 
NP -> these two high 
NP -> the provision of the necessary infrastructures 
NP -> their statesmen 's thoughts 
NP -> hiv 
NP -> the future income 
NP -> a long list of countries 
NP -> all the possibilities for obtaining energy 
NP -> the country ' s provinces 
NP -> turkey 's artillery 
NP -> defense and national security commission 
NP -> this competition 
NP -> iran 's economy 
NP -> public election 
NP -> the river ' s water 
NP -> the parliament of russia shocking 
NP -> the roots 
NP -> a new resolution 
NP -> deputy minister of agricultural jihad 
NP -> insolent people such as pharaoh 
NP -> the infinitive 
NP -> effective poles 
NP -> the second gourkani emperor india 
NP -> quality goods 
NP -> saveh friday 
NP -> will 
NP -> european union from portugal 
NP -> a great honor 
NP -> john karrie 's book 
NP -> the direction of the plan 
NP -> two sides 
NP -> high officials ' conduct 
NP -> porosity and ultimately control 
NP -> previous prediction 
NP -> the amount of registration 
NP -> explorer opportunity 
NP -> this office 
NP -> armed men 
NP -> chinese media 
NP -> field of nuclear radiation knowledge 
NP -> hundred percent 
NP -> the current american attacks 
NP -> the government 
NP -> kermanshah and shahreza 
NP -> asian countries 
NP -> this splendid nothingness 
NP -> the oppressed 
NP -> its meaning and concept 
NP -> another passenger 
NP -> commander hejazi in resistance 
NP -> the prophet ' 
NP -> the first stage 
NP -> a higher position 
NP -> two kilometers 
NP -> political pressures 
NP -> its need 
NP -> war several presidents of his country 
NP -> this sanctioning way 
NP -> the head of police intelligence 
NP -> nuclear cooperation contract 
NP -> employment 
NP -> our scientific and religious communities 
NP -> the fire of avarice 
NP -> these barriers 
NP -> moslems 
NP -> social and economic supports 
NP -> this respect allameh 
NP -> the bag 
NP -> the case of alflatoksin 
NP -> the knowledge of revelation 
NP -> the liberation of palestine 
NP -> his father and bill clinton 
NP -> the american media 
NP -> a great deal of work 
NP -> demand and supply 
NP -> the insurance regulations 
NP -> commerce boards 
NP -> swiss 
NP -> the zone of information technology 
NP -> the command of american 
NP -> lawyer 's 
NP -> the warming of the planet earth 
NP -> indexes in the academic papers 
NP -> my reign 
NP -> oscar burger one 
NP -> partizan belgrade 
NP -> farsi speakers ' 
NP -> refuge for medical treatment 
NP -> the course of three stages 
NP -> market and purchase 
NP -> the blowing 
NP -> the deficit 
NP -> those powerful 
NP -> putin 's visit to tehran 
NP -> no transgressions 
NP -> the bomb maker for savak 
NP -> irtez '' pass 
NP -> real 
NP -> this belief 
NP -> the excuse of aggression on afghanistan 
NP -> the budget balance 
NP -> the duration 
NP -> the minister of interior 
NP -> modern international developments 
NP -> the knowledge 
NP -> road construction job 
NP -> trade balance 
NP -> other people 
NP -> this unrealistic point 
NP -> mythological texts of different nations 
NP -> city and its methods 
NP -> the illegal and improper distribution 
NP -> european political leaders 
NP -> the american regime 
NP -> economical transparency 
NP -> many cultural centers throughout the world 
NP -> an irrigation 
NP -> a message 
NP -> a party 
NP -> him 
NP -> almoavedah '' head 
NP -> higher vulnerability 
NP -> louise rodriguez zapatro 
NP -> the recent decisions 
NP -> the opposition and the ruling group 
NP -> the zionist regime 's ambassador 
NP -> president ' s house 
NP -> the killing of boy children 
NP -> travel visa 
NP -> a radar system 
NP -> sama javadi party 
NP -> peso against the dollar 
NP -> a dinner banquet 
NP -> the remaining 
NP -> $ year wikipedia 
NP -> social and political exchanges and interactions 
NP -> the price 
NP -> general george casey 
NP -> the victims of violence 
NP -> the conference of ministers 
NP -> radical zionists 
NP -> the compatriots 
NP -> a girl 
NP -> lawbreaking and disrespect 
NP -> russians in the first years 
NP -> the decision 
NP -> industrial ministry 
NP -> employment and development 
NP -> vaidi 
NP -> the law or the relevant rules 
NP -> existing priorities 
NP -> the surface 
NP -> the summer 
NP -> an introductory on makasseb 
NP -> the republic of azerbaijan 
NP -> state minister 
NP -> the education system of the country 
NP -> the major population of thailand 
NP -> the agenda of nazarbayef 
NP -> ms bhuto 
NP -> students ' and teachers their children 
NP -> netherlands , italy and spain 
NP -> doctor farnia 
NP -> each other '' tomorrow morning 
NP -> the work ground 
NP -> the central bank 
NP -> the twenty 
NP -> a desirable way 
NP -> american government ' 
NP -> more tobacco products inconsideration 
NP -> weak planning 
NP -> foundations and values 
NP -> the culture 
NP -> iraqi refugees and emigrants 
NP -> home buyers 
NP -> the installations 
NP -> the train 
NP -> appraised different sectors 
NP -> the international exhibition 
NP -> a poet , their behavior 
NP -> renunciation 
NP -> the taking 
NP -> the revolution and appearance 
NP -> the discussions of the meeting 
NP -> iraq by america and england 
NP -> disharmony and unhappiness 
NP -> the agencies 
NP -> the export possibility 
NP -> this incorrect method 
NP -> judiciary developments of the judiciary branch 
NP -> discipline and group cooperation spirit 
NP -> the trail 
NP -> the fist time 
NP -> dividend 
NP -> complete agreement 
NP -> reference 
NP -> satan 's 
NP -> one of the best 
NP -> these groups 
NP -> persian gulf war 
NP -> a definite decision 
NP -> system gaps 
NP -> the local residents 
NP -> this american senior diplomat ' 
NP -> the sighting of ramadan month 
NP -> the south west 
NP -> each of these attributes 
NP -> diabetes society 
NP -> religions in the final declaration 
NP -> peasants 
NP -> masoud 's collection of farsi poems 
NP -> billions 
NP -> the framework 
NP -> the related funding 
NP -> khalid hosein al 
NP -> cancerous diseases 
NP -> the referee council of asia 
NP -> the governor 's 
NP -> all parties 
NP -> minor absence 
NP -> flight fatigue 
NP -> qualitative tourists 
NP -> manufacturers 
NP -> another reason 
NP -> some heartfelt poems 
NP -> the trade development organization 's 
NP -> these associations 
NP -> foreign banks ' branches 
NP -> control of the energy in middle 
NP -> a collection 
NP -> these two movements 
NP -> soviets 
NP -> these planets 
NP -> the same aim 
NP -> establishment of an independent palestinian state 
NP -> the inertia 
NP -> areas 
NP -> its methods 
NP -> unprecedented and historical prices 
NP -> the director general of central bank 
NP -> israeli goods 
NP -> the appointment 
NP -> the information base 
NP -> the production of goods 
NP -> the opposition or accompanying 
NP -> young death 
NP -> glasses 
NP -> drugs organizations 
NP -> their defense 
NP -> america through the meeting of david 
NP -> reza 
NP -> the arabia ' 
NP -> mosharekat party 
NP -> more sanctions 
NP -> the issuing 
NP -> financial and physical limitations 
NP -> his peace mission 
NP -> nuclear energy and uranium enrichment 
NP -> the second characteristic 
NP -> hopes for the reopening of routes 
NP -> these regions 
NP -> a general publication 
NP -> drug 
NP -> our soil 
NP -> hostages 
NP -> the contact 
NP -> a shortage 
NP -> the scandinavian region 
NP -> bloody battles 
NP -> northern khorasan province 
NP -> saddam 's term 
NP -> the gifts 
NP -> the sides 
NP -> the immigrant iraqis 
NP -> the way for deregulation 
NP -> traveler 's checks 
NP -> cultural conflicts 
NP -> three vehicles 
NP -> dried dates 
NP -> the muslim brotherhood 
NP -> honor plaque 
NP -> the preliminaries 
NP -> kashan , yazd 
NP -> the shiism thought 
NP -> uzbekistan 
NP -> the other hand 
NP -> crystal drug 
NP -> the existing problems 
NP -> this occupying enemy 
NP -> logical 
NP -> lng 
NP -> intervals travels as a group enghelab 
NP -> the demanded bank 
NP -> exporting bus and minibus 
NP -> a toy 
NP -> jata $ year international tourism 
NP -> a vacation 
NP -> its nuclear program to international inspectors 
NP -> this mountain and this site 
NP -> the continuance of war in afghanistan 
NP -> coughs 
NP -> psychological health 
NP -> marko gregorian 
NP -> the federal information 
NP -> the decision of the government 
NP -> the state 
NP -> construction affaires 
NP -> religious and divine culture 
NP -> leadership experts in the mean time 
NP -> the nuclear plants 
NP -> serious opponents 
NP -> the extension of his presidential term 
NP -> a separation 
NP -> the political leaders 
NP -> the technology of providing nuclear fuel 
NP -> the new generation cooperatives 
NP -> the white protestants of eva angelical 
NP -> tajikistan electricity company 
NP -> the breast during it 
NP -> the principal reasons 
NP -> critics and writers 
NP -> second of tir of this year 
NP -> khorasan razavi iman dehghan 
NP -> perspective monorails 
NP -> an understanding 
NP -> great and enemy breaking epics 
NP -> the preliminary meeting 
NP -> the technology 
NP -> economics police 
NP -> the claims 
NP -> protocol 
NP -> her daughter and a disabled child 
NP -> the work of architecture 
NP -> electrifying project of the railway 
NP -> jurisprudent guardian 
NP -> any thing 
NP -> any decision 
NP -> prevention 
NP -> the land of jerusalem 
NP -> preston 
NP -> the center area of gaza strip 
NP -> the inter 
NP -> the iraqis themselves 
NP -> a quorum 
NP -> the major shares 
NP -> a successful peace keeping operation 
NP -> their society 
NP -> measures 
NP -> iran for having clean climates 
NP -> this camp 
NP -> a warrior 
NP -> social identity 
NP -> the governmental body 
NP -> hologram 
NP -> palestine 's 
NP -> clinton 
NP -> god satan 
NP -> the regional and international relations 
NP -> the extent and nature 
NP -> the reign of people 
NP -> this change 
NP -> this student 
NP -> the bush administration 's new justifications 
NP -> some images 
NP -> the evening hours 
NP -> the documentary of iran 
NP -> no family history 
NP -> the conference in luxembourg 
NP -> both excuse and reality 
NP -> the city of hamdia 
NP -> social relations 
NP -> a good 
NP -> the youth marriage age 
NP -> sales services of pars automobile 
NP -> such remarks of their authorities 
NP -> foreign affairs faction 
NP -> many other countries in the world 
NP -> a gold medal 
NP -> peaceful transition 
NP -> the injured individual 
NP -> iran and the russian federation 
NP -> the parliament 
NP -> foreign policy initiative 
NP -> the islamic culture and instructions 
NP -> logical change 
NP -> the growing beijing - tehran relations 
NP -> your plaything 
NP -> his first trip 
NP -> its final result 
NP -> a great number of muslim people 
NP -> many copies 
NP -> the market of these goods 
NP -> yonaton beth clia 
NP -> the regulating and balancing 
NP -> organized crimes 
NP -> the previous individuals 
NP -> a compromise legal formulation 
NP -> a part 
NP -> consultation offices from universities to colleges 
NP -> always 
NP -> the national security of israel 
NP -> this noble night 
NP -> defense 
NP -> the most recent statistics 
NP -> various activities 
NP -> this purpose 
NP -> serbs 
NP -> america and europe 
NP -> narcotics and humans 
NP -> incomplete peace pipeline 
NP -> the senior directors 
NP -> the scientific domain 
NP -> the final announcement of the meetings 
NP -> place in a normal manner 
NP -> the goods market 
NP -> the judgment 
NP -> the fussiness of americans finish 
NP -> the kurdistan region 
NP -> recent months 
NP -> night 's 
NP -> bahrain parliament 
NP -> no atmosphere 
NP -> pars passage 
NP -> the protection of its interests 
NP -> finding maps and phone 
NP -> these contests in facing rivals 
NP -> the matter of fighting against terrorism 
NP -> electrifying project 
NP -> the seventh painting 
NP -> the traditional cooperatives 
NP -> many issues related to this session 
NP -> examples 
NP -> the future president of lebanon 
NP -> extensive experience 
NP -> hussein ben rooh 
NP -> the targets of iran nuclear programs 
NP -> the southern province 
NP -> damghan 
NP -> the collapse of the soviet 
NP -> the sivand river 
NP -> the equal distance 
NP -> supervisory capabilities 
NP -> truth 
NP -> the second meetings 
NP -> harm their detention 
NP -> fao 
NP -> energy and iran 
NP -> agricultural activities at sharafkhana port 
NP -> time left i prefer to rest 
NP -> the tenth 
NP -> the liberation 
NP -> $ year and a month 
NP -> maleki 's government 
NP -> avoidance 
NP -> these insects 
NP -> the patent of this technology 
NP -> identity card 
NP -> the companies 
NP -> spare parts for this purpose 
NP -> doctor sohrabi 
NP -> the nation of iran 
NP -> electronic services 
NP -> the dark clouds 
NP -> other iranian ministers 
NP -> the historical and religious sites 
NP -> the guidance breach of promise 
NP -> grey color ( metallic ) 
NP -> some powers 
NP -> her employees 
NP -> mashhadani 
NP -> well of temptation 
NP -> the claim 
NP -> its recent issue 
NP -> britain 
NP -> the former director 
NP -> a wise player 
NP -> fear in this path 
NP -> ovo morales 
NP -> fazollah 
NP -> their presence 
NP -> comprehensive and logical development 
NP -> the gene causing the disease 
NP -> cooperative institutions 
NP -> the report n 
NP -> < ron 
NP -> the true myths 
NP -> this report states 
NP -> a contract 
NP -> the material of your interest 
NP -> the alsoora daily 
NP -> richness of people 
NP -> plans 
NP -> consults through the suitable mechanisms 
NP -> this publication 
NP -> month ramadan and congratulating 
NP -> the prime minister considered the petraeus 
NP -> indian officials based on lack 
NP -> the canal bed 
NP -> this new policy 
NP -> much 
NP -> the theoretical debates 
NP -> coca cola 
NP -> this rumor 
NP -> the resistance 
NP -> the assembly of accountants 
NP -> the organization company 
NP -> a national apprehension 
NP -> domination over this market 
NP -> fax 
NP -> the same age 
NP -> the strengthener of third front 
NP -> a massive attack 
NP -> the element of exports 
NP -> this guys 
NP -> this reason 
NP -> kurdish workers party 
NP -> no specific eligibility 
NP -> conference 
NP -> modification of their state 
NP -> consumption in the fist stage 
NP -> the border with uzbekistan 
NP -> the chinese leaders 
NP -> the turkish military 
NP -> all his attempt 
NP -> public phone booths 
NP -> only one 
NP -> their departure 
NP -> a mirror 
NP -> bran 
NP -> any benefit for india and iran 
NP -> patience silence 
NP -> the national oil company 
NP -> their own way 
NP -> nanotechnology 
NP -> the palestinian embassy and doctrinal support 
NP -> the west 's aggressive dominance 
NP -> the islamic traditional architecture 
NP -> their domineering interests 
NP -> former ministers of the reformist government 
NP -> importance through the head 
NP -> dr. abbas 
NP -> its applicability 
NP -> the purchaser 
NP -> profession 
NP -> the terrorist elements 
NP -> installation of cooperatives 
NP -> its borders 
NP -> the present 
NP -> the wheat exportation agreements 
NP -> its signs 
NP -> the address 
NP -> the long term opposition 
NP -> the harmadan plain 
NP -> mutual cooperation 
NP -> depot 
NP -> the high counsel of assessment can 
NP -> the end of november 
NP -> nakhjavan to azerbaijan 
NP -> this set 
NP -> banks ' 
NP -> the jewish nation 
NP -> ashkhabad tashkent '' 
NP -> the correction of divergence 
NP -> the approval of the zionist organization 
NP -> a fundamental and secondary role 
NP -> washington 's return 
NP -> the start of the month 
NP -> our country ' s problem 
NP -> islamic and quranic wisdom and learning 
NP -> the basis of the relationship couples 
NP -> ali akbar 
NP -> lou 
NP -> khoramdareh 
NP -> theft and misuse 
NP -> the psychological discussions of the market 
NP -> a great damage 
NP -> the heavy downpour 
NP -> exporters and producers 
NP -> any normalization 
NP -> tourist attractions and tourist areas 
NP -> its front 
NP -> the financial matters 
NP -> some european countries and russia 
NP -> coaching 
NP -> albaradei ' 
NP -> realization of this matter 
NP -> books 
NP -> a dead 
NP -> the deputy leader 
NP -> an very large city 
NP -> trust 
NP -> both 
NP -> platonic demands from her 
NP -> this city 
NP -> i summoned colonel makhfi 
NP -> member countries 
NP -> the mercenaries 
NP -> duma 's 
NP -> israeli authorities 
NP -> its life 
NP -> course i 
NP -> the new budget law 
NP -> quran 
NP -> my true belief 
NP -> islamic republic of iran 
NP -> chamber of cooperation 
NP -> their definite sense 
NP -> this deficiency 
NP -> three groups 
NP -> cities of the country 
NP -> great tasks 
NP -> tropical 
NP -> economic cooperation of the two countries 
NP -> france in riyadh and abu dhabi 
NP -> the human mind 
NP -> us or i 
NP -> today 
NP -> the countries ' votes 
NP -> incorrect deeds 
NP -> qaisar ' s students 
NP -> the trend of reactions 
NP -> my best sequences 
NP -> the student news agency 
NP -> women and children and ethnic minorities 
NP -> unsuitable ventilation 
NP -> its bank operations 
NP -> melatonin 
NP -> the camps 
NP -> more intensified measures in regard 
NP -> robberies 
NP -> the place of rial 
NP -> supporters 
NP -> the night in this airport 
NP -> their rights 
NP -> the third stage 
NP -> each month to practice with them 
NP -> barcelona 
NP -> privatization 
NP -> our nations 
NP -> the colon 
NP -> other things belonging to ' che 
NP -> sweeties 
NP -> communications revolution and globalization 
NP -> nasa 
NP -> the administration of dr. 
NP -> existence or nonexistence 
NP -> various armaments 
NP -> the disposition of mass constructors 
NP -> the meaning 
NP -> other provinces 
NP -> mahmoud abas 
NP -> a possible effort 
NP -> a song 
NP -> circumstances 
NP -> integration 
NP -> factors 
NP -> one day 
NP -> the message of doctor ` mahmoud 
NP -> the people mr. 
NP -> the ninth administration report card 
NP -> moral and human personality 
NP -> these standards 
NP -> its head 
NP -> oil exporter countries ( opec ) 
NP -> all those 
NP -> the divine contentment 
NP -> the researchers 
NP -> writing and research 
NP -> $ year coup - 
NP -> the iranian foreign minister 
NP -> the active foreign policy 
NP -> these critiques 
NP -> any economical system including banking system 
NP -> buali sina in this science unmatchable 
NP -> the productive life of mr. hashemi 
NP -> southern provinces 
NP -> some of the related projects 
NP -> alanbaar 
NP -> mohammd rahmat minister 
NP -> old age 
NP -> the eid fetr day 
NP -> the necessary cooperation federation personnel 
NP -> several instances of armed robberies 
NP -> its website 
NP -> fars adopted from reuters 
NP -> the tents 
NP -> the early years 
NP -> both sing and sonya 
NP -> the croatian embassy building 
NP -> the laws 
NP -> this ascending process 
NP -> oil revenues 
NP -> the survivors and friends 
NP -> music 
NP -> islamic guardian corps 
NP -> energy minister of venezuela 
NP -> the world , investors and officials 
NP -> different relations 
NP -> insults western media to islamic 
NP -> the purposes and worries 
NP -> the former presidents 
NP -> the collapse 
NP -> erdogan 
NP -> the tricks of this woman 
NP -> crown women 
NP -> the recent decades 
NP -> ghrabanali 
NP -> strange cloths and exaggerated behaviors 
NP -> drugs gangsters of southern america 
NP -> education in the micro industries 
NP -> the affairs of kosovo 
NP -> threats and animosities 
NP -> the report of n 
NP -> merchants and producers 
NP -> a right of freely holding assemblies 
NP -> agricultural activities 
NP -> financial contracts 
NP -> sleeping pills 
NP -> his personality 
NP -> uranium which can be used again 
NP -> the floor covering 
NP -> question 
NP -> palestinian government 
NP -> this authorization 
NP -> a special regime 
NP -> many other books 
NP -> a discussion with them 
NP -> brochures films books and pictures 
NP -> the desired security in these areas 
NP -> a democratic government in that country 
NP -> their internal affairs 
NP -> american politicians 
NP -> male children 
NP -> dr. abbus araghchi 
NP -> nalapet 
NP -> the same prevailing views 
NP -> the resigned secretary 
NP -> a bitter experience for them 
NP -> the international community 
NP -> similarities 
NP -> the role 
NP -> sanitizing vegetables 
NP -> a delegation 
NP -> the water of rivers in china 
NP -> this individual 
NP -> those present 
NP -> a governmental and educated family 
NP -> this interpretation and its characteristics 
NP -> socialist federative republics of former yugoslavia 
NP -> golan heights 
NP -> the great mongols 
NP -> a series 
NP -> this liberal culture 
NP -> such programs from television 
NP -> the window 
NP -> the injury 
NP -> the american government 
NP -> their lack 
NP -> recent speeches 
NP -> the victory of revolution 
NP -> the sidelines 
NP -> the other presidential candidates 
NP -> information about stock 
NP -> scientific centers 
NP -> a permit 
NP -> the grounds of its own country 
NP -> such a mission 
NP -> an honor to iranians 
NP -> the month of july in mars 
NP -> the iraqi land 
NP -> the murder 
NP -> government organizations 
NP -> the years of war 
NP -> merit 
NP -> civilians 
NP -> the saudi minister 
NP -> other sectors 
NP -> human teeth 
NP -> niazi 
NP -> responsibility , therefore one person 
NP -> the factory site 
NP -> its rights 
NP -> no need additional dramatic meetings 
NP -> the arena of political relations 
NP -> polyarchy 
NP -> hamed 
NP -> a justification 
NP -> a presence 
NP -> nuclear no transgressions 
NP -> first of all being killed 
NP -> the deadliest crimes against these people 
NP -> taj oddin alishah 
NP -> this woman 's 
NP -> the mutually 
NP -> the minority 
NP -> this vestige 
NP -> hafiz hossein 
NP -> all palestinians 
NP -> the al 
NP -> national copper 
NP -> most iranians 
NP -> differences between them 
NP -> the international conference on the middle 
NP -> waiting 
NP -> the intensification of the chinese effort 
NP -> the beginning of the following year 
NP -> scientists for having a better planet 
NP -> two ancient stoves or hearths 
NP -> some operational measures 
NP -> every province 
NP -> the agreement signed in tehran 
NP -> the problems of iranians 
NP -> his time 
NP -> qaisar ' 
NP -> foreign ministers of eco in herat 
NP -> the loss of market 
NP -> external features 
NP -> the homeless children 
NP -> last year 's 
NP -> an unknown share 
NP -> some years 
NP -> the panther 
NP -> the shadow 
NP -> presence in the export markets 
NP -> the western 
NP -> invasion 
NP -> davoodi 
NP -> these funds and institutions 
NP -> the bus driver 
NP -> today ' s match 
NP -> six mortars 
NP -> the changing 
NP -> the collective activities of the municipality 
NP -> the deplorable conditions 
NP -> the proposal of the government 
NP -> the parliament 's vice 
NP -> assets and liabilities 
NP -> shaha reza 's 
NP -> corporation 
NP -> officials 
NP -> the previous classes 
NP -> medinna 
NP -> the lord 
NP -> the group of nissan and renault 
NP -> amru musa the director general 
NP -> behavior of politicians 
NP -> the speaker of the ceremony 
NP -> this very respect 
NP -> petrochemical exports 
NP -> khorasan shomali 
NP -> the circle 
NP -> the insurgent 
NP -> the american regime of shah 
NP -> the pains 
NP -> a citizen 
NP -> the administrative structure 
NP -> the violation of the aforementioned resolution 
NP -> the repetition 
NP -> incidents and accidents 
NP -> international scene and america 
NP -> the terrorist contacts 
NP -> the alarm of coughs 
NP -> the arbitration 
NP -> pre 
NP -> the israel embassy 
NP -> arab countries ' 
NP -> the principal problem 
NP -> evidences and witnesses 
NP -> the efforts 
NP -> science and knowledge 
NP -> campaigns 
NP -> the subject of the holy war 
NP -> radiological weapon coming into operation 
NP -> other regions of india 
NP -> group 
NP -> pursuit and investigation 
NP -> your own self comfort 
NP -> the rich and powerful 
NP -> mazaheri 
NP -> the governments of the european union 
NP -> the closing 
NP -> the kurdistan 
NP -> the area of information technology 
NP -> incentive laws 
NP -> this finding 
NP -> the remarks new head 
NP -> the police 
NP -> the rust 
NP -> the political parties 
NP -> the climax of the adopted security 
NP -> the republic member 
NP -> the health 
NP -> doer 
NP -> the commander of turkish army 
NP -> developing exports of iran 
NP -> the unisef 's 
NP -> a little disbelief 
NP -> this illegal creation 
NP -> the proposed strategies in this method 
NP -> china and the united arab emirates 
NP -> the iraqis ' 
NP -> the constitutional verse 
NP -> the possibility of enjoying higher education 
NP -> the legal committee of the assembly 
NP -> public squares 
NP -> antioxidant 
NP -> terms of us and russia 
NP -> tuesday and wednesday 
NP -> the second half 
NP -> friday prayer in tehran university 
NP -> regard to music 
NP -> the caspian coast countries 
NP -> an appropriate tool 
NP -> the city of doshanbeh 
NP -> the multimedia server 
NP -> products 
NP -> his all beloved figures 
NP -> military planners of china 
NP -> the new generation en > 
NP -> the peak of perfection 
NP -> reformist political activists 
NP -> the same matter 
NP -> imitation of lebanon shiites 
NP -> the guatemala parliament 
NP -> the trend of economic growth 
NP -> complain of his sister named fahima 
NP -> some chinese corporations 
NP -> all iraqi groups 
NP -> crises 
NP -> any infection in them 
NP -> an extremely delicate discussion 
NP -> all political edges 
NP -> their own kind 
NP -> good relations 
NP -> their special ceremony 
NP -> associated press and routers news agencies 
NP -> revitalize united states ' leadership 
NP -> this famous proverb 
NP -> cultural occupation 
NP -> this important issue 
NP -> urbanization 
NP -> iran everybody 
NP -> curtsy their dignity and glory 
NP -> the secular 
NP -> the farsi meaning 
NP -> guardian newspaper 
NP -> disunion 
NP -> enriched uranium 
NP -> pakistan 's exit 
NP -> banking claims 
NP -> baghdad news newspaper 
NP -> special delegate of the united nations 
NP -> the palestinians 
NP -> massacre in guatemala 
NP -> today ' s elections 
NP -> a carpenter 
NP -> way of land 
NP -> the creation of a monopoly 
NP -> these vices 
NP -> the international tourism fair jata 
NP -> the wise people of age 
NP -> the non petroleum exports 
NP -> information 
NP -> max nowardo 
NP -> the hands of western jews 
NP -> reputable companies 
NP -> his fame 
NP -> different cities of iraq 's kurdistan 
NP -> the performing 
NP -> comparison to a dictatorship government 
NP -> war crimes 
NP -> ahmad khatami 
NP -> this high - ranking scholar 
NP -> charge of them 
NP -> general manager 
NP -> set making 
NP -> the time of peace and war 
NP -> the united nations ' civilian delegation 
NP -> the druze progressive socialist party 
NP -> yemen 's 
NP -> clerics 
NP -> instrumental use 
NP -> violation of the law 
NP -> hashemi , iraq 's deputy president 
NP -> the great incident of this night 
NP -> the distributors of prohibited films 
NP -> this fast growth 
NP -> an organization 
NP -> the public sector and government 
NP -> the plutonium produced in this process 
NP -> suspicious cases of violence 
NP -> a free economy government downsizing 
NP -> canada on thursday 
NP -> these countries ' oil companies 
NP -> ayatollah meshkini 's 
NP -> our country 
NP -> the best producer the prizes 
NP -> people ' 
NP -> inappropriate of the sales agent 
NP -> their colleagues with america 
NP -> standoff in this negotiation 
NP -> these loans 
NP -> no appearance 
NP -> a result of foreign investments 
NP -> a great country 
NP -> nothing but abjectness and humiliation 
NP -> foreign missions participating in this conference 
NP -> three stages 
NP -> here 
NP -> second day 
NP -> the world 's 
NP -> the government for this work 
NP -> the rural development pattern 
NP -> the sunlight 
NP -> woven fretted rugs 
NP -> central bank of america 
NP -> iran and pakistan 
NP -> turkey 's artillery attacks 
NP -> a rail 
NP -> transference 
NP -> sectarian violence 
NP -> all putin ' s statements 
NP -> a resolution 
NP -> nation 's determination 
NP -> the chapter 
NP -> the owner 
NP -> the responsible minister 
NP -> the iraqi counterpart 
NP -> line 
NP -> tejarat team 
NP -> the beloved wife 
NP -> a comprehensive form 
NP -> each of the member countries 
NP -> the other disease 
NP -> a superior and honest model 
NP -> the blood 
NP -> a few reports 
NP -> the parallel work 
NP -> his own country 
NP -> an economic blockade 
NP -> the peak of national self 
NP -> two communication service offices 
NP -> these types 
NP -> proliferation treaty 
NP -> the policies 
NP -> duck 
NP -> this film script 
NP -> the promised mahdi ( a ) 
NP -> publication of such caricatures 
NP -> republic 
NP -> iraq crisis 
NP -> merging 
NP -> her words 
NP -> house price on one hand 
NP -> the words 
NP -> this volume of imports 
NP -> deputy administartor 
NP -> the vehicles 
NP -> perseverance and resistance 
NP -> perseverance 
NP -> the aggressive operations in india 
NP -> excitement 
NP -> an auspicious and blessed month 
NP -> view interpretations 
NP -> the palestine ' 
NP -> this physicist 
NP -> satisfactory consequences and people 
NP -> the argentine revolutionary 
NP -> forgiveness 
NP -> the greater immigration 
NP -> asia and africa 
NP -> the koran 
NP -> the foreign minister of bahrain 
NP -> a climax 
NP -> big companies 
NP -> prizes selection committee of abu 
NP -> the war in iraq 
NP -> $ year olympic games in beijing 
NP -> transgress to iran everybody 
NP -> the railway 
NP -> paintings 
NP -> the inert situation in the future 
NP -> a short time 
NP -> stock broking 
NP -> state condoleeza rice 
NP -> its value 
NP -> hashem husseini 
NP -> research conducted in europe 
NP -> reliable resources 
NP -> these busses 
NP -> the ninth administration 
NP -> way sitting volleyball 
NP -> the body of the animal 
NP -> the beginning of month 
NP -> trouble and problem for the region 
NP -> the east and the west 
NP -> a good market 
NP -> these two decades 
NP -> the human body 
NP -> democratic administrations 
NP -> the first candidate 
NP -> the gatherings 
NP -> parliamentary parties 
NP -> other 's 
NP -> this ghavami 
NP -> the presence and military occupation 
NP -> cement 
NP -> a new election law 
NP -> these new issues 
NP -> sweden embassy 
NP -> his insurance fee 
NP -> the true myths of this land 
NP -> ultimate success for this conference 
NP -> scuffles and commotions 
NP -> this man 
NP -> banking operation alongside this transformation 
NP -> the discovery 
NP -> coordination 
NP -> moezipoor ' s supporters 
NP -> the level type 
NP -> a wire 
NP -> tourism islamic republic 
NP -> disciplined monthly meetings 
NP -> justification of the policy of george 
NP -> conflict backgrounds 
NP -> the credits of the university madar 
NP -> protesters 
NP -> oppression 
NP -> the zionist institutions 
NP -> the present time of free trade 
NP -> choices of coaches 
NP -> the new treaty reform 
NP -> the international markets 
NP -> the bank saderat iran 
NP -> the policy 
NP -> a society oriented police 
NP -> us and israel 
NP -> a computer 
NP -> fokuda friday among his followers 
NP -> the merging 
NP -> different excuses 
NP -> bistoun 
NP -> implementation 
NP -> country inspection aiming for strong supervision 
NP -> the spokesman office 
NP -> a sepulcher 
NP -> fear 
NP -> recent terrorist incidents in karachi 
NP -> the structure 
NP -> the available axis 
NP -> the minister of foreign trade 
NP -> this sea 
NP -> the international point of view 
NP -> a joyous life 
NP -> the american forces in iraq 
NP -> tourist areas 
NP -> its mistakes 
NP -> its official recognition and acceptance 
NP -> the responsibility providing services 
NP -> the european governments 
NP -> the orders 
NP -> these obstacles 
NP -> date information 
NP -> we in the government 
NP -> the economic expert 
NP -> theirs 
NP -> the old and new interperaters 
NP -> witness growth and prosperity 
NP -> the third day in the movie 
NP -> rituals 
NP -> anaran proceeds 
NP -> traveler 's check and hid 
NP -> child abuse 
NP -> the players risks 
NP -> quranic verses two kinds 
NP -> an undeniable necessity 
NP -> this olympia 
NP -> iraq 's 
NP -> the fall conference 
NP -> this congress 
NP -> the opponents to the merger 
NP -> the veterinary stamp 
NP -> the morning and afternoon 
NP -> delbar 
NP -> the eight general gathering 
NP -> the captivity 
NP -> finance 
NP -> the us secretary 
NP -> any special kind of disgrace 
NP -> new cement factories 
NP -> fatah and hamas movement high officials 
NP -> the blackness 
NP -> the syrian deputy minister 
NP -> the important thing 
NP -> due occasion 
NP -> photographer 
NP -> ships ' 
NP -> early morning 
NP -> the main priority of every government 
NP -> capillaries 
NP -> gas in the atmosphere children 
NP -> the increase in the production capacity 
NP -> the disabled 
NP -> variation 
NP -> an introduction for massive attacks 
NP -> the highest possibility 
NP -> the republicans 
NP -> the world toward militarization 
NP -> decision making 
NP -> tyrant powers 
NP -> the advancement 
NP -> razeghi and lily 
NP -> halves en > 
NP -> the new copy 
NP -> hygiene of chalkaroud of ramsar 
NP -> the schools opening time 
NP -> people of iraq 
NP -> policy 
NP -> these irritations 
NP -> mohsen rezaee 's 
NP -> the reaction of thirst 
NP -> the meeting of the nato officials 
NP -> the civilian and military authorities 
NP -> khan baba motazedi 
NP -> khan gajar 
NP -> a critic 
NP -> the waterway 
NP -> the administration of values 
NP -> the left leg 
NP -> the mentioned document 
NP -> the signature 
NP -> the aggressive operations 
NP -> a discussion of ideology 
NP -> the activities of pk paramilitaries 
NP -> the military commanders of p 
NP -> divine guardians 
NP -> pains and sweets 
NP -> technology 
NP -> the next step 
NP -> various sanctions against our country 
NP -> the organization ' 
NP -> an analytical report 
NP -> the interval 
NP -> a young boy 
NP -> an interview with an newspaper peace 
NP -> olympic medal 
NP -> the day of fight 
NP -> evolution and elevation 
NP -> the country 's attorney general 
NP -> ahmadinezhad ' s trip 
NP -> attention to the rural development pattern 
NP -> many plans and development projects 
NP -> the use 
NP -> payments 
NP -> his supporters 
NP -> our modern age 
NP -> enemity 
NP -> our national interests 
NP -> harmazgan islamic preaching 
NP -> special seats 
NP -> time of crisis 
NP -> a white sheet 
NP -> foreign affairs 
NP -> personal hostility or financial motivation 
NP -> the executed measures 
NP -> preservation and continuation of life 
NP -> the support of great britain 
NP -> course profited from a special attraction 
NP -> tens and hundreds 
NP -> the opponents of mulina 
NP -> culture , art and lovers 
NP -> your self intolerant 
NP -> america against iraq 
NP -> a display 
NP -> all the forces 
NP -> the action speed 
NP -> his sister named fahima 
NP -> consequences for india 
NP -> iran such as khajeh rashid 
NP -> the whole of the islamic nation 
NP -> the united states ' intentions 
NP -> the information and coordination of americans 
NP -> cultural dispute 
NP -> no demand 
NP -> soltan 
NP -> the stock exchange council escalated 
NP -> asara 
NP -> imam mahdi 
NP -> washington and london 
NP -> this event 
NP -> enmity 
NP -> the total security 
NP -> people of iran 
NP -> your daughter 's doll 
NP -> some leaders 
NP -> this vitality and hope 
NP -> selfishness 
NP -> several years 
NP -> the super league 
NP -> the long range 
NP -> problems with the islamic extremists 
NP -> a non predictable economy 
NP -> any possibility 
NP -> establishment of order and security 
NP -> beneficiaries 
NP -> the role of insurance 
NP -> a realistic point 
NP -> recent remarks of '' george bush 
NP -> the interior minister 
NP -> the ninth month 
NP -> its fuel incentives 
NP -> the report of petraeus 
NP -> improvement 
NP -> thursday and friday meetings 
NP -> the professors and faculty members 
NP -> the name of a general publication 
NP -> holding ceremonies 
NP -> the most advanced technologies 
NP -> the global arena 
NP -> an equity 
NP -> oil products 
NP -> jiechi china 's foreign minister 
NP -> salary because of the siege 
NP -> the military arm of united nations 
NP -> none 
NP -> scientific associations 
NP -> two main refineries of america 
NP -> the late imam 
NP -> greater tehran social security 
NP -> speaking 
NP -> texas 
NP -> the gift 
NP -> any decrease or increase 
NP -> a tomb 
NP -> this few hundred million dollars 
NP -> the leaders of both movements 
NP -> foreign leagues 
NP -> six new industrials cities 
NP -> the deputy minister of foreign affairs 
NP -> the planted bombs 
NP -> them and their designs 
NP -> persuasion 
NP -> the troops ' 
NP -> the middle east a new offer 
NP -> establishment date 
NP -> the current and real price 
NP -> attention to these issues 
NP -> different fruits 
NP -> their one day 
NP -> the stretching of european borders 
NP -> the functioning 
NP -> a report on friday 
NP -> a paved road 
NP -> the dark sky 
NP -> this commissariat 
NP -> transport 
NP -> jobs and income production 
NP -> the interest 
NP -> islam val 
NP -> dreams 
NP -> the leaders of the country 
NP -> their behaviors 
NP -> agustin 's point of view justice 
NP -> the argument 
NP -> ` hatter ' 
NP -> a main obstacle 
NP -> the permission 
NP -> the senior official 
NP -> automobiles 
NP -> an indexed manner 
NP -> any law 
NP -> his circular 
NP -> the islamic iran 's envoy 
NP -> a fact 
NP -> some delay only covered mahmoud 
NP -> kosovo the separatist province 
NP -> their expansion 
NP -> fuel use 
NP -> our voice 
NP -> the industry house 
NP -> fuller marviz abad of mehriz 
NP -> other clauses 
NP -> a wealthy and influential family 
NP -> the following weeks in case 
NP -> united nations 
NP -> traditional thai sweets 
NP -> reuter 's news agency 
NP -> labor ministry 
NP -> orton leaders 
NP -> some classes 
NP -> the canadian government 
NP -> the last two years 
NP -> periodical elections 
NP -> this matter an issue 
NP -> www server 
NP -> the executive manager 
NP -> the great ayatollah haj 
NP -> this potato 
NP -> the echo system 
NP -> other countries 
NP -> energy minister 
NP -> classrooms 
NP -> the shiite 
NP -> freedom and independence 
NP -> our young generation 
NP -> national drilling company 
NP -> the supreme leader for the corps 
NP -> the honorable leadership 
NP -> the depth of this conspiracy 
NP -> all epochs 
NP -> the ages of the books 
NP -> these domestic movements or erudite leader 
NP -> the path nations 
NP -> active industrial section 
NP -> the international conditions 
NP -> the middle east conflict 
NP -> the price cycle and provision 
NP -> government 's 
NP -> lebanon the establishment 
NP -> a good government 
NP -> my captivity 
NP -> a material 
NP -> the taste 
NP -> executive forces 
NP -> one of the nineteenth 
NP -> the origin of making a system 
NP -> the considerations of judicial power 
NP -> the us parliament 
NP -> the west with respect 
NP -> synonym 
NP -> wind storms 
NP -> joy 
NP -> theory 
NP -> jedda 
NP -> the people and government 
NP -> their vassal and submissive 
NP -> this reason as members ' investment 
NP -> its opinion 
NP -> dr musa abu marzooq 
NP -> their concurrence 
NP -> regressiveness 
NP -> pakistani military forces 
NP -> youth in a country 
NP -> iranian merchants and industrialists 
NP -> the lecture 
NP -> exports and imports 
NP -> front of them 
NP -> this timetable 
NP -> nights and midnights 
NP -> tehran and kermanshah 
NP -> this accident 
NP -> doctor shokr in some countries 
NP -> the competition arena 
NP -> a villa at shahin villa 
NP -> the other example 
NP -> very high steps 
NP -> those in charge 
NP -> persian dictionary 
NP -> the procedure 
NP -> muhammad mirtabar 
NP -> comparison 
NP -> all this big job 
NP -> ninth administration 
NP -> the currents 
NP -> pathogenic germs 
NP -> a director 
NP -> customers 
NP -> the past two years 
NP -> representative of uzbekistan having political motives 
NP -> police 
NP -> the establishment 
NP -> america 's demands 
NP -> the contents 
NP -> such a meeting 
NP -> mark monitor 
NP -> economic budget 
NP -> position and intensification of sanctions 
NP -> the escaping forgers ' vehicle 
NP -> the partnership of this market 
NP -> the visit of russia 's president 
NP -> the team and this responsibility 
NP -> kremlin 
NP -> the political office 
NP -> the other hand at times 
NP -> overall policy making 
NP -> our patience 
NP -> the authorities of the system 
NP -> sociology and political science elite 
NP -> regulations and functions 
NP -> investors in the private sector 
NP -> the nuclear activity of other countries 
NP -> this garden 
NP -> the wide presence 
NP -> the declaration 
NP -> the divinity 
NP -> eight years ended her self 
NP -> a rare 
NP -> the economic growth 
NP -> the demonstration 
NP -> competition and stability 
NP -> economic justification 
NP -> analysis and investigation 
NP -> the construction of housing two years 
NP -> various governmental organizations 
NP -> the gorge of victoria geyser 
NP -> large sums 
NP -> the mold of a bad face 
NP -> the repression 
NP -> other coast countries 
NP -> new and old informational bases 
NP -> such criticisms 
NP -> the present time frame 
NP -> a spiritual atmosphere in the country 
NP -> a memento photo 
NP -> ettelaat 
NP -> some university presidents 
NP -> isfand 
NP -> the aids patients 
NP -> reforms 
NP -> the current conditions in this country 
NP -> washington 's government using influence 
NP -> the explanations of those in charge 
NP -> the baby 
NP -> hearts 
NP -> the chemical materials society 
NP -> the foreign ministers of european union 
NP -> the third day documentary 
NP -> contemporary arts 
NP -> its borderline regions 
NP -> road and transportation section 
NP -> the name of the sites 
NP -> the element 
NP -> youth 
NP -> serious confrontation 
NP -> the traditions 
NP -> the international arena 
NP -> the american assembly 
NP -> the last academic year 
NP -> poetry and literature 
NP -> the passage of time 
NP -> the governor 's prudence 
NP -> its specific importance in the region 
NP -> various parts 
NP -> bushehr 
NP -> our rights 
NP -> refuge 
NP -> bush administration 
NP -> value no 
NP -> this nation harmony 
NP -> american polyarchy people ' 
NP -> one of the leaders of hamas 
NP -> egotism 
NP -> consumption goods 
NP -> the rate of inflation 
NP -> the evening prayers start 
NP -> the city services 
NP -> the provisions of the contract 
NP -> protagonists 
NP -> his question 
NP -> tehran added 
NP -> the conqueror 
NP -> the organization of gas exporting companies 
NP -> the press and the media 
NP -> litkos language 
NP -> tarikh 
NP -> europe as bush 
NP -> such statistics 
NP -> hossein alipor 
NP -> basij resistance 
NP -> the liking of america 
NP -> chinese foreign minister 
NP -> military interference 
NP -> vazirian 
NP -> the trade units sectoral methods 
NP -> a number of senators 
NP -> the productive life 
NP -> refugees 
NP -> military operations 
NP -> harmzgan islamic preaching 
NP -> this researcher 
NP -> a notorious ramification 
NP -> the protection 
NP -> leaving london in a belligerent way 
NP -> year sacred defense 
NP -> fragrant 
NP -> u.s. policies 
NP -> its accordance 
NP -> such cooperation 
NP -> robinson 
NP -> term deposits 
NP -> the site 
NP -> a happy and sweet martial life 
NP -> bid aabadi 
NP -> the president of the zionist regime 
NP -> the same case 
NP -> this respect 
NP -> the tradition of all great sages 
NP -> the field of religion 
NP -> the national assembly house 
NP -> an acceleration and adjustment 
NP -> a psychological war 
NP -> customs and taxes 
NP -> their delivery 
NP -> consultation discretion 
NP -> the eighth century a . h 
NP -> all special refrains 
NP -> our viewpoints 
NP -> this layer 
NP -> abduilreza amirtash 
NP -> the necessary technologies 
NP -> the investment steps 
NP -> a national level 
NP -> the senior members 
NP -> some abnormal behaviors and necessity 
NP -> trade unions 
NP -> revelation 
NP -> insecurities , differences and threats 
NP -> such caricatures 
NP -> state in answering a question 
NP -> a change 
NP -> maluch brown , last week 
NP -> network 
NP -> the same manner 
NP -> his first formal action 
NP -> a new way 
NP -> prices 
NP -> the ultimate use 
NP -> taleghani 
NP -> his country 
NP -> the waited 
NP -> a power struggle 
NP -> countries by washington 
NP -> guiding supervision vice 
NP -> risky destinies of other governments 
NP -> families and this 
NP -> the country authorization 
NP -> karimov president of uzbekistan 
NP -> the cold of winter 
NP -> more freedom 
NP -> a holy character 
NP -> the last scan 
NP -> the project 
NP -> a sexual adventure 
NP -> his highness ayatollah meshkini 
NP -> the good quality 
NP -> the validity 
NP -> umro musa 
NP -> a surprise visit 
NP -> this autonomous republic 
NP -> the serious decline 
NP -> the famous writer of turkey 
NP -> negotiations and security cooperation 
NP -> this man in explaining the event 
NP -> european parliament 
NP -> new 
NP -> an attempt for war 
NP -> gorge bush 
NP -> political , social and cultural extension 
NP -> irna 's 
NP -> these oppressing powers 
NP -> administration of the society 
NP -> a complicated and delicate process 
NP -> tehran governor in women affairs 
NP -> classes of people 
NP -> timely , clear and comprehensive information 
NP -> the exercises 
NP -> this kind of movies 
NP -> the mayor of tehran 
NP -> a limited military attack 
NP -> the land of palestine 
NP -> the environment of those days 
NP -> confusion in oil markets 
NP -> foreign exchange expenses 
NP -> kindness 
NP -> his defence 
NP -> this session raufee nejad 
NP -> the temptations of satan 
NP -> no god 
NP -> john hopkins 
NP -> some cases 
NP -> the maneuvering power 
NP -> kuala 
NP -> the threats of the enemies 
NP -> military attacks 
NP -> the president assistant 
NP -> defeat 
NP -> four members from the two sides 
NP -> future 
NP -> advanced industries 
NP -> the whispering 
NP -> this way 
NP -> financial of the government 
NP -> the heritages and works 
NP -> singh 
NP -> this session raufee 
NP -> the most prepared person 
NP -> khorasan 
NP -> an assistant pilot 
NP -> different basis 
NP -> hoteliers airlines 
NP -> peace conference 
NP -> reality arguments in favor of anarchy 
NP -> large designs 
NP -> aban 
NP -> many efforts 
NP -> the managing director 
NP -> military aids 
NP -> the area being cultivated 
NP -> the deficit of the budget 
NP -> the following weeks 
NP -> thirteen billion rials 
NP -> the russian government 
NP -> rights activists 
NP -> growth in market price variables 
NP -> all health 
NP -> scientific , executive and infrastructural fields 
NP -> this manner even france 
NP -> the expediting and facilitation 
NP -> the lawyers 
NP -> very few people 
NP -> legal scissors 
NP -> ibn batuteh in his travel diary 
NP -> these phases 
NP -> buses 
NP -> person and heavenly siheh 
NP -> irna ' 
NP -> representatives ' foreign relations committee 
NP -> the economic abilities 
NP -> a second home 
NP -> the baby 's 
NP -> the work of growing rice 
NP -> bilateral and regional issues 
NP -> the best opportunities 
NP -> such an honor 
NP -> master farshchian 
NP -> small rooms 
NP -> the back 
NP -> expedient 
NP -> the local production 
NP -> this side 
NP -> the winter season 
NP -> nouri al 
NP -> the massacre of civilians 
NP -> your heads 
NP -> this sickness 
NP -> investment 
NP -> possible people of various nations 
NP -> the significant points 
NP -> incompetent and selfish people 
NP -> sharif 
NP -> the legalization 
NP -> honor of group 
NP -> any country 
NP -> the specific time in this course 
NP -> conditions 
NP -> neo 
NP -> handicrafts 
NP -> forging and diversionary traditions 
NP -> interior ministry 
NP -> this science unmatchable 
NP -> these long chains 
NP -> an increase of pressure 
NP -> this tumor 
NP -> a peaceful route 
NP -> this midst 
NP -> the america 's 
NP -> some iraqi officials and merchants 
NP -> armed people 
NP -> constructive interaction 
NP -> the disarmament commission and international security 
NP -> this matter bush 
NP -> the replying cycle 
NP -> the jamena stream 
NP -> kuala lumpur 
NP -> pourya 
NP -> the ministry of finance 
NP -> hassan sobhani 
NP -> the difference between assets and liabilities 
NP -> imam ' s line 
NP -> the commander police 
NP -> the central province 
NP -> different threats of the enemy 
NP -> the meeting of lisbon 
NP -> tanbih al 
NP -> the valuable features 
NP -> the occupation of alghou 
NP -> man and history 
NP -> any subject 
NP -> low capacity of extra oil production 
NP -> this province , significance and hardship 
NP -> holding of jata 
NP -> other cities of the province 
NP -> each row 
NP -> the producer 
NP -> front 
NP -> their first look 
NP -> the investigation 
NP -> management 
NP -> the state ' s military 
NP -> its decorative components 
NP -> the people 
NP -> the sirs 
NP -> this war 
NP -> a publicity weapon 
NP -> central news agency from baghdad 
NP -> the help of people 
NP -> lemon juice 
NP -> the experts 
NP -> the arab union expressed 
NP -> chranan 's friday imam 
NP -> its makers 
NP -> shirvan wa ' 
NP -> province 
NP -> your body clock 
NP -> the effective reasons of this issue 
NP -> a second en > 
NP -> an airplane 
NP -> other poets and students 
NP -> people of tehran 
NP -> the honorable leader 
NP -> sarv oliya hdsl 
NP -> a particular point in time 
NP -> the match 
NP -> my opinion many 
NP -> the cost 
NP -> the addressee of divine voice 
NP -> games 
NP -> term cooperation plans 
NP -> iranian players 
NP -> functions of society administration 
NP -> the religious 
NP -> this statement ekmeleddin 
NP -> bin laden 
NP -> the dear people 
NP -> comprehensive information 
NP -> the garden 
NP -> the military presence of america 
NP -> a sharp object 
NP -> the christian year 
NP -> new players in the center field 
NP -> attack and other military operations 
NP -> mahmoud salahi 
NP -> the cover of the book 
NP -> other heads 
NP -> decisions in this institution 
NP -> open cuts 
NP -> petrol 
NP -> the strongest reasons of the opponents 
NP -> an independent palestinian state 
NP -> the two christian sides 
NP -> the first iranian sports olympiad 
NP -> guyich 
NP -> sha ` banieh payers 
NP -> epic and pride 
NP -> innocent iraqi and american humans 
NP -> the hubble telescope 
NP -> a place in the mentioned list 
NP -> white colors on his sides 
NP -> dey month 
NP -> the strategic alliance 
NP -> their commitment 
NP -> a description 
NP -> the ministry 
NP -> ramadan 
NP -> a common meeting 
NP -> hour electricity of turkmenistan 
NP -> the administration 
NP -> foreign affairs commission 
NP -> the islamic jihad movement 
NP -> third vote 
NP -> some leaders and advocates 
NP -> similar small steps 
NP -> the fields 
NP -> tel aviv ' s achievements 
NP -> the armenian genocide bill 
NP -> their new position 
NP -> exhibition space 
NP -> television 
NP -> force against iran 
NP -> a single word 
NP -> the internal market 
NP -> the achievements of islamic magnificent revolution 
NP -> most of the martyrs of investigation 
NP -> the nuclear program of iran 
NP -> the shelter of divine security 
NP -> a few times 
NP -> the issue 
NP -> the battlefront 
NP -> his own point 
NP -> a stereotypical training 
NP -> the baghdad airport on time 
NP -> the massacre in the territories 
NP -> the narrowness of the road 
NP -> freeing of the price , export 
NP -> foreign affairs faction of bahrain parliament 
NP -> domination and turbulence 
NP -> the avoidance 
NP -> residents of bosnia herzegovina federation 
NP -> the formal policy 
NP -> the issue of fuel licences 
NP -> the emergence and growth 
NP -> the regulations 
NP -> the organization of environmental protection 
NP -> the domestic production 
NP -> the distance in its work order 
NP -> the human sacrosanct 
NP -> the support of china 
NP -> international meeting 
NP -> mars 
NP -> their problems 
NP -> short sleeps and naps 
NP -> his friends 
NP -> the first glance 
NP -> the mementos 
NP -> drop of fall of shares 
NP -> large investment 
NP -> eternality 
NP -> the caviar market 
NP -> sangar 
NP -> great deal of attempts and efforts 
NP -> digestion 
NP -> this province 
NP -> tehran university 
NP -> any type 
NP -> iraq 's land 
NP -> the current affairs 
NP -> companies ' 
NP -> life and breeding 
NP -> their technical level and experience 
NP -> the second tomb 
NP -> no cities villages paved roads 
NP -> this football coach 
NP -> delays 
NP -> the survivors 
NP -> signs of young death 
NP -> palestinian refugees 
NP -> new policies in various fields 
NP -> gradual pull out 
NP -> the soul of dr shirazi 
NP -> the sound 
NP -> oslo 
NP -> the honorable prophet 
NP -> seven games 
NP -> the winter holidays 
NP -> brigadier najafi 
NP -> pockets 
NP -> a gharz - al - 
NP -> the explanations 
NP -> the house of taekwondo 
NP -> the elimination of some problems 
NP -> an unnatural situation 
NP -> priorities 
NP -> agha rezai and majid nezafati 
NP -> putin in moscow 
NP -> a meeting 
NP -> daily informal and secret meetings 
NP -> these attempts 
NP -> the deputy secretary general 
NP -> cultural diversity meeting 
NP -> the organic relation 
NP -> the islamic consultative assembly 
NP -> inflation standstill 
NP -> responsibility 
NP -> hopeless bride 
NP -> their religious rites and rituals 
NP -> power and interests 
NP -> the doctor 's 
NP -> controls 
NP -> a dynamic condition 
NP -> most people 
NP -> the measures of different countries 
NP -> the deed related to this conference 
NP -> its legal rights 
NP -> dr. shamsaei 
NP -> the employment law 
NP -> he in continuation 
NP -> shaha reza 's boss salary raise 
NP -> the rout and ministry 
NP -> the thailand population 
NP -> a cooperative and construction of housing 
NP -> assassinations of some of the envoys 
NP -> federal republic 
NP -> the 's 
NP -> polyarchy and dictatorship 
NP -> cooperation , industry and mines 
NP -> this legal dealing 
NP -> an actor 
NP -> the dissension 
NP -> two x chromosomes 
NP -> its soil 
NP -> the producers as cash 
NP -> the bank directors 
NP -> other great events 
NP -> this hormone 
NP -> life in the quran 
NP -> the friday prayer 
NP -> protection of foreign investment 
NP -> elections at due time 
NP -> tourist attraction 
NP -> america ' s recent one 
NP -> this visit yang 
NP -> horse 
NP -> time and absorption 
NP -> the report of mehr 
NP -> a competitive force 
NP -> parents 
NP -> the philanthropists present in this gathering 
NP -> the political report 
NP -> the grounds for constructive interaction 
NP -> america 's military presence 
NP -> such a radiation 
NP -> turkey 's opinion 
NP -> our economy 
NP -> prevention and reduction 
NP -> islamic culture and guidance 
NP -> first class team of bandar abbas 
NP -> the import of gas 
NP -> che 's 
NP -> melat , saman and tejarat banks 
NP -> regress hundreds of years pre 
NP -> the issue of election 
NP -> more attention 
NP -> the issue of soil 
NP -> the desires of our nations 
NP -> all brt stations 
NP -> hanna arrnet 
NP -> all concentrate 
NP -> vitamin a 
NP -> foreign service -- reporters 
NP -> great prophet 's 
NP -> the local and foreign managers 
NP -> a great action 
NP -> the honesty 
NP -> the strategic defeat 
NP -> the suggested plan 
NP -> bilateral negotiations 
NP -> an error 
NP -> the ways 
NP -> these tribes 
NP -> the conflicts between soldiers and people 
NP -> the country 's need 
NP -> the kurdish worker ' 
NP -> a congruent position 
NP -> the pages of newspapers and american 
NP -> shahname 
NP -> the pervious meeting 
NP -> the intelligence organizations 
NP -> the ballot - boxes 
NP -> the existing statistics and numbers 
NP -> cultural principles 
NP -> the woman 's 
NP -> dominant designs and colors 
NP -> tongue 
NP -> its objective 
NP -> car producing company 
NP -> hamedan kayhan reporter 
NP -> enthusiastic presence of people 
NP -> the innovations of petraeus 
NP -> islamic guidance of the province 
NP -> any free and just person 
NP -> living 
NP -> the competence 
NP -> the most importance source 
NP -> other traditions 
NP -> different groups namely 
NP -> the tires 
NP -> torbati 
NP -> the car 
NP -> philosophy 
NP -> the gorge 
NP -> good events 
NP -> help 
NP -> george bush 's 
NP -> arab emirates 
NP -> a theoretical aspect 
NP -> the manifestation of this splendid nothingness 
NP -> olama 
NP -> response to circumstances 
NP -> the regulations of the agency 
NP -> the north of baghdad 
NP -> the active presence 
NP -> the mentioned produce 
NP -> the apple 
NP -> the central power 
NP -> the enrichment activity 
NP -> yemen 's president 
NP -> korean and thai taekwondo players 
NP -> p party 
NP -> nuclear disarmament 
NP -> the fishermen nets 
NP -> america 's involvement 
NP -> a new agreement 
NP -> all the citizens 
NP -> the mission of guards 
NP -> the most important results 
NP -> its radiance and purity 
NP -> the army ' 
NP -> the cap 
NP -> everything beginning 
NP -> human rights of the united nations 
NP -> the mosque of alzaman 
NP -> regional and international terms 
NP -> the light of these communal measures 
NP -> its natural channel 
NP -> the visitors and addresses 
NP -> the crisis 
NP -> youth and old 
NP -> the surface of frothy water 
NP -> the reuter 's 
NP -> organizational culture 
NP -> the most senior governmental authority 
NP -> the international atomic energy agency 
NP -> leila 
NP -> america to israel 
NP -> cocaine and car 
NP -> dayton agreement 
NP -> the model 
NP -> their soldiers 
NP -> western media 
NP -> hair 
NP -> the region and themselves 
NP -> the agreement with general musharraf 
NP -> the time of independence and separation 
NP -> the bank one 
NP -> international tourism 
NP -> very small degree 
NP -> course a correct move 
NP -> these victims 
NP -> the determined time 
NP -> frequent and premature tiredness 
NP -> burnt meat 
NP -> only censorship governments 
NP -> classic paintings 
NP -> fairly the western accomplishments 
NP -> journalists 
NP -> the plural 
NP -> the first rank 
NP -> transactional difficulty 
NP -> radical paramilitaries ` ability 
NP -> flour 
NP -> the region and expansion 
NP -> iraq 's kurdish villages 
NP -> the union of the good people 
NP -> all islam followers 
NP -> the phase 
NP -> a shepherd 
NP -> the local elections candidates 
NP -> the only interpretation 
NP -> los angeles and new york 
NP -> the end of the horizon 
NP -> the states ' conference 
NP -> new stadium of orton leaders 
NP -> a different type 
NP -> progressive national coalition desire 
NP -> exercise 
NP -> great morals 
NP -> cash increase 
NP -> tribal purgation 
NP -> the tubing and their branches 
NP -> the price of the finished product 
NP -> the friday report 
NP -> the countries of this region 
NP -> a film 
NP -> personality results 
NP -> some reflection in the international arena 
NP -> personal freedoms 
NP -> the ballot 
NP -> the developing exports bank of iran 
NP -> educated persons 
NP -> the definition of the agent 
NP -> lebanon 's 
NP -> the geometrical congruence 
NP -> the american democrat senator 
NP -> their role 
NP -> the meetings 
NP -> services of pars automobile 
NP -> talks and dialogues 
NP -> washington 
NP -> all the players 
NP -> a non 
NP -> the work approval 
NP -> one generic name 
NP -> an important and fundamental desire 
NP -> the hiv test 
NP -> the stability and security 
NP -> the purchase 
NP -> iraq talk 
NP -> its ambassador 
NP -> cinema in iran and abdolhossein sepanta 
NP -> carrying cloth writings 
NP -> irankhodro company 
NP -> headache , anxiety and falloff 
NP -> elites 
NP -> the lion 
NP -> bandarneka 
NP -> preschool children 
NP -> sha ` ban 
NP -> a devoted general 
NP -> each time zone 
NP -> informative systems 
NP -> a sort 
NP -> the international assistant 
NP -> all sciences 
NP -> a private security company 
NP -> less observance of individual 
NP -> most of the time 
NP -> land in shahre 
NP -> american military forces 
NP -> the understanding 
NP -> this group of people 
NP -> its foot 
NP -> bhutto ' s return 
NP -> various activities of cooperation section 
NP -> the full cooperation 
NP -> this image 
NP -> industrial townlet 
NP -> death of gill 
NP -> an increase in production 
NP -> my first play 
NP -> the arab union 
NP -> the nation ' 
NP -> presidential palace 
NP -> her expressing satisfaction 
NP -> good and qualified reporters 
NP -> all spots of the city 
NP -> last time 
NP -> iran ' s chamber 
NP -> mahmud kaveh 
NP -> the embellishment 
NP -> palestine by israel 
NP -> a very simple old man 
NP -> others and their deprivation 
NP -> the physicians 
NP -> producing factories and the stock officials 
NP -> various issues 
NP -> dialect of their own 
NP -> a few decades 
NP -> its meeting 
NP -> turkish board of ministers at yesterday 
NP -> the container and vegetable 
NP -> mehriz 
NP -> the firm commitments 
NP -> a prerequisite 
NP -> professor / 
NP -> government 
NP -> a correspondent 
NP -> the glorification 
NP -> the ruling forces 
NP -> the second platform 
NP -> convergence 
NP -> its implementation 
NP -> the conflicts 
NP -> housewives 
NP -> the four year log 
NP -> its goals 
NP -> cataracts 
NP -> the rectum 
NP -> the basic document 
NP -> the veterans 
NP -> many years remote and forgotten 
NP -> an agent 
NP -> this country 's neighbours 
NP -> expediency discernment council 
NP -> countries in the world 
NP -> internal nature 
NP -> this complicated ship 
NP -> the image of a prayer rug 
NP -> low cost housing units 
NP -> peso 
NP -> the opinion and agreement 
NP -> multinational forces 
NP -> this article 
NP -> his excellency 
NP -> intelligence organization of pakistan 
NP -> no successful result 
NP -> the night of ghadr 
NP -> the institution 
NP -> international atomic energy agency 
NP -> their relation framework 
NP -> the private sector ' s activity 
NP -> radical paramilitaries 
NP -> their members ' 
NP -> sudan 
NP -> the best producer 
NP -> oil resources 
NP -> the process of human life 
NP -> the former american president 
NP -> holding congress of honoring 
NP -> its people 
NP -> a political solution 
NP -> the appearance of new global issues 
NP -> finishing farming 
NP -> coordination between this committee 
NP -> this information 
NP -> these kinds of fairs 
NP -> the governmental companies stock for supply 
NP -> the marital life 
NP -> lurid cds 
NP -> harvard university magazine 
NP -> some universities 
NP -> the united nations mission into iraq 
NP -> god 's reason 
NP -> the plans for his assassination 
NP -> leisure 
NP -> the critics ' 
NP -> the idea 
NP -> the specific time 
NP -> a rightful expectation 
NP -> elevating efficiency 
NP -> the tome of amir ismail samani 
NP -> the opinions of family members 
NP -> the scene 
NP -> government employees 
NP -> sanctions against iran 
NP -> short stories of shahnameh 
NP -> the share of research 
NP -> the rigs 
NP -> supply operations of the japanese self 
NP -> the inspection affairs 
NP -> embezzlement 
NP -> the commander of the disciplinary force 
NP -> political tendencies opinion and stances 
NP -> beirut '' 
NP -> the end of shaban 
NP -> the '' acquainted subject 
NP -> forehead 
NP -> peace between israel and palestine 
NP -> openings in relationship 
NP -> the escalation 
NP -> the national volleyball team of iran 
NP -> shahram chehelgardi samani '' 
NP -> difficult circumstances 
NP -> their abilities 
NP -> threat or an opportunity 
NP -> eight paradises designs 
NP -> many issues 
NP -> the developmental 
NP -> the change in possession 
NP -> its efficiency level 
NP -> a speech in beirut about this 
NP -> the best blessing 
NP -> these sanctions 
NP -> the islamic republic regime 
NP -> the brain 's siren 
NP -> an addict because of family problems 
NP -> this case 
NP -> the examination and ratification 
NP -> the globalization of culture 
NP -> the families of the injured individual 
NP -> this phenomena declining hearing 
NP -> the former yugoslavia 
NP -> domestic policy 
NP -> the muslim nation and tanzih al 
NP -> more than two third 
NP -> the individuals society 
NP -> investors ' 
NP -> this commander of taliban 
NP -> most of the dams 
NP -> qaeda group 
NP -> the commitments 
NP -> independence and separation 
NP -> hell 
NP -> all affairs 
NP -> standard and industrial research 
NP -> the deficiency 
NP -> the resistance culture 
NP -> high human congestion 
NP -> real madrid 
NP -> the realization of this goal 
NP -> the express forces 
NP -> the revival of the economy 
NP -> religious beliefs 
NP -> their differences regarding skills 
NP -> all carbohydrates 
NP -> reasons 
NP -> a completely vague proposal 
NP -> supper power 
NP -> the best news 
NP -> terhan 
NP -> iraq 's internal war 
NP -> cultural developments 
NP -> recent two 
NP -> matters of palestine 
NP -> the presidency of this commission 
NP -> the installments of their home loan 
NP -> a just and comprehensive peace 
NP -> the financial status 
NP -> a type 
NP -> dimensional exports 
NP -> hospitality warm 
NP -> metal products 
NP -> financial securing 
NP -> the row established 
NP -> various professions of society 
NP -> the theft 
NP -> east europe 
NP -> hypocrisy 
NP -> such circumstance 
NP -> girls 
NP -> its holding and the importance 
NP -> production 
NP -> the produced products 
NP -> the cooperatives 
NP -> the previous view of these countries 
NP -> a fundamental point 
NP -> the university of teacher training 
NP -> this music program 
NP -> different generations 
NP -> imam hassan mojtaba 
NP -> the enactment of the economic council 
NP -> the day of eid 
NP -> corners 
NP -> armenia , '' robert kocharian 
NP -> the necessary measures 
NP -> front of his photograph 
NP -> bayatiniya 
NP -> the end of the year 
NP -> medication 
NP -> the united sates 
NP -> its work 
NP -> utter independence and liberty 
NP -> the reformists 
NP -> multiple consequences 
NP -> the excavation 
NP -> new deposits 
NP -> the old interpretation books 
NP -> her call clients 
NP -> the gloves 
NP -> the abundant demands 
NP -> any kind of inconsistency and difference 
NP -> cholera 
NP -> this 
NP -> turkey 's parliament 
NP -> the evil 
NP -> the threshold of war in iraq 
NP -> the other reasons 
NP -> these flour producers 
NP -> delhi 
NP -> the days of shabanieh 
NP -> the decision of our brothers 
NP -> claims 
NP -> a pot 
NP -> the '' al 
NP -> the hidden imam and the shiites 
NP -> small and smaller towns 
NP -> prime minister 
NP -> major general jaafari 
NP -> the people of iran 
NP -> reserves 
NP -> bashar 
NP -> this epopee one fact 
NP -> industrial clusters 
NP -> nitrification 
NP -> this reason microsoft 
NP -> rich culture 
NP -> mutual frontiers 
NP -> the abundant commonalities 
NP -> various chickpeas 
NP -> almost the same number 
NP -> iran throughout history 
NP -> the first friday prayer 
NP -> the formal policy of china 
NP -> the attractiveness 
NP -> hamas 
NP -> a new excuse 
NP -> high definition television ( hdtv ) 
NP -> hungry children 
NP -> the assembly of experts mazanderan representative 
NP -> the current reality of the country 
NP -> the islamic extremists 
NP -> the german foreign minister 
NP -> the regional government of iraqi kurdistan 
NP -> this international conspiracy not acceptable 
NP -> any stand 
NP -> the player 
NP -> the iranian economy 
NP -> the official time 
NP -> shaban and shaval 
NP -> other successes 
NP -> the scent 
NP -> india ' s communist marxist party 
NP -> the thought of the martyrs 
NP -> the identification 
NP -> the fields of civil and medical 
NP -> this nuclear arsenal 
NP -> our nation 's identity 
NP -> saturday 's japan 's 
NP -> more efforts 
NP -> the late ayatollah company 
NP -> flour producing factories 
NP -> the proposed suggestions 
NP -> diesel intelligent card 
NP -> alavi fighting 
NP -> the zionist regime 's 
NP -> the sake of completing the group 
NP -> hundred persons 
NP -> mahmud abbas in visit to rice 
NP -> presence of this regime for lebanon 
NP -> the ava musical group 
NP -> the people of iraq 
NP -> this interest 
NP -> bloomberg news agency 
NP -> needy children 
NP -> the nation and government 
NP -> special budgets as subsidy 
NP -> a horse or a camel 
NP -> conveyance of information 
NP -> friendship 
NP -> civil war 
NP -> the limitedness of its facilities 
NP -> planning and guiding supervision vice 
NP -> firstly investigation 
NP -> the education and training bureau 
NP -> the wasted constitution 
NP -> this committee 
NP -> people 's economic issues 
NP -> bizhan bid aabady 
NP -> the country stain 
NP -> historical 
NP -> naseruddin shah 
NP -> iranian attackers to arabic leagues 
NP -> the olympics share 
NP -> the great national poet 
NP -> kashan jame ' 
NP -> a detailed plan 
NP -> the realization of national reconciliation 
NP -> departure 
NP -> guidance coordination in plans 
NP -> the arrow of hossein 
NP -> this weekly 
NP -> the alsoora daily of syria 
NP -> american troops 
NP -> encyclopedias 
NP -> meqdad james 
NP -> awake 
NP -> the inspection organization 
NP -> this bridge 
NP -> her most serious supporters 
NP -> such fairs in the world 
NP -> the security sanctuary 
NP -> fourteenth of shahrivar 
NP -> the peaks 
NP -> these ministers 
NP -> extra 
NP -> a thoroughbred turkmen horse 
NP -> asma al hosna exhibition 
NP -> a lawyer 
NP -> every worker 
NP -> the oil production 
NP -> a great revolution in road 
NP -> the efficiency 
NP -> the new incursion operations 
NP -> a lesson 
NP -> enthusiasm 
NP -> wars 
NP -> an excuse 
NP -> the most production ability 
NP -> the great scientific successes 
NP -> domestic production 
NP -> maximum agreement 
NP -> the religious values 
NP -> kurd zangana 
NP -> putin the distribution 
NP -> laws and regulations 
NP -> iran 's foreign exchange debts 
NP -> the necessary legitimacy 
NP -> this middle 
NP -> s martyrdom 
NP -> soghandi 
NP -> meetings 
NP -> the forecasted regions for this 
NP -> kremlin in moscow 
NP -> this occupation 
NP -> parts of automobile manufacturing 
NP -> allocation and connection 
NP -> industrial countries 
NP -> its voice 
NP -> an event 
NP -> the consumption pattern of our country 
NP -> many books 
NP -> investigation and listing iran 
NP -> an intellectual and thinker 
NP -> my wife at first 
NP -> stories 
NP -> the book tanbih 
NP -> the lips 
NP -> the public relations office 
NP -> the masses of people 
NP -> leily 
NP -> the laws and regulations 
NP -> all the health centers 
NP -> p k k and turkey 
NP -> youngsters 
NP -> semnan 
NP -> the eardrum 
NP -> just a momentary action 
NP -> the balkans 
NP -> the management of the leaders 
NP -> hojjat al - islam val - 
NP -> a citizen of britain 
NP -> nothing special 
NP -> ayatollah tabataba'i and behbahani 
NP -> the westerners in past three 
NP -> sensitive jobs 
NP -> iraqi shiites ' 
NP -> the froth water 
NP -> a scratch 
NP -> japan 
NP -> aggression on afghanistan 
NP -> popular singers 
NP -> a place for dispute 
NP -> the governmental documents 
NP -> the disabled individuals 
NP -> a disease 
NP -> a report by isna 
NP -> many cases 
NP -> their needs 
NP -> ground water 
NP -> anctad 
NP -> december 
NP -> the final introverted distinguished personal ego 
NP -> the time of clinton paul volfowitz 
NP -> an exit way for you 
NP -> our information experts 
NP -> a roof 
NP -> the governor 
NP -> possible damages from this attack 
NP -> a great need 
NP -> the nourishing 
NP -> abdolmaleki governor general 's 
NP -> the number of its centrifuges 
NP -> ghazizadeh from john karrie 's book 
NP -> the domain of foreign trade 
NP -> the new conservative theorizers 
NP -> the supervisors 
NP -> the national unity of pakistan 
NP -> their lives 
NP -> u.s. joint headquarters 
NP -> political relations 
NP -> a file 
NP -> the special programs 
NP -> the '' 
NP -> isfahan 
NP -> financial year 
NP -> the railroad 
NP -> country fellows 
NP -> one network 
NP -> arts 
NP -> their stead 
NP -> the pivotal point of this meeting 
NP -> a dictatorship government 
NP -> considered obligations in this contract 
NP -> a more clear example 
NP -> etc. 
NP -> the low level 
NP -> the looseness of soil 
NP -> this year turkey 's 
NP -> the head of one 
NP -> gill 
NP -> the aggression of america 
NP -> expiring 
NP -> serb nationalists or taliban 
NP -> the reinforcement 
NP -> square meters 
NP -> this film 
NP -> information experts 
NP -> insolence 
NP -> some regulations and rules 
NP -> bejnord 
NP -> tariq al 
NP -> a secret 
NP -> prominent members 
NP -> the beginning of the second sermon 
NP -> frontier changes 
NP -> dried grapes 
NP -> the precursors of new americanism 
NP -> the senior advisor of the president 
NP -> the higher individuals 
NP -> digging deep wells 
NP -> peace and stability of afghanistan 
NP -> involvement and legal registration 
NP -> cooperation and resolution of this matter 
NP -> a science that analyzes history 
NP -> the country ' s economic arena 
NP -> export development 
NP -> the telecommunication 
NP -> divine security 
NP -> the peak 
NP -> the honor guard 
NP -> this fact 
NP -> director 
NP -> constant threats 
NP -> the al sharghol osat news paper 
NP -> the issue of export of province 
NP -> the domain and description 
NP -> the route of economical transparency 
NP -> nahid khan 
NP -> the quality and result 
NP -> atmospheric telescope in a way 
NP -> apostasy 
NP -> wood and shell 
NP -> the government corporations 
NP -> tightened boot laces 
NP -> our warriors 
NP -> investors ' problems 
NP -> the domains of urban services 
NP -> this course 
NP -> biennial this year 
NP -> conformity with order 
NP -> this order 
NP -> the correct pattern 
NP -> execution 
NP -> their effort 
NP -> maleki 's work 
NP -> the disciplinary forces ' 
NP -> involvement and violence 
NP -> the decreasing 
NP -> secrets and prayers 
NP -> the governing board 
NP -> ordinary dishwashing liquid to it 
NP -> false accusations 
NP -> the leader of sunni tribes 
NP -> the latest opinion poll 
NP -> divine inspiration 
NP -> no bush 
NP -> different kinds of products 
NP -> internet sites 
NP -> socio 
NP -> the reason of this issue 
NP -> provision of state lands 
NP -> the required conditions 
NP -> attempts of condoleezza rice 
NP -> the national interests 
NP -> armenia with the cooperation of tavanir 
NP -> seventy billion dollars 
NP -> a number of sudan experts 
NP -> city of tehran 
NP -> a press conference dr. rasoul 
NP -> molana 
NP -> didn ' 
NP -> present , expressed hope 
NP -> the sight of the white house 
NP -> muslim bosnians 
NP -> nuri 
NP -> the medicine manufacturing case 
NP -> a nuclear fuel chain 
NP -> correction , work , struggle 
NP -> the promising element 
NP -> the future development my 
NP -> the sowing of seeds fall 
NP -> ahvaz 
NP -> permits practice 
NP -> the explanation and description 
NP -> concern and apprehension 
NP -> capital 
NP -> an evident enemy 
NP -> hamedan 
NP -> the irrigation structures 
NP -> the rulers courage 
NP -> the population to sleep 
NP -> his membership 
NP -> some institutions 
NP -> development and economic prosperity 
NP -> the continuation of the threats 
NP -> his role 
NP -> independent recital 
NP -> the trip 
NP -> persian poetry dying youth 
NP -> this file 
NP -> the structural reform 
NP -> the jihad resistance plan 
NP -> a healthy society 
NP -> economical and banking experts 
NP -> the pathetic stuff 
NP -> a spirit 
NP -> bona fide powers 
NP -> the buyers 
NP -> new ones 
NP -> the volume of money 
NP -> the symptoms 
NP -> this stratum 
NP -> crime and felony gangs 
NP -> the strong affecting 
NP -> their own goodness 
NP -> fatemeh rak ' 
NP -> worries for this country 's neighbours 
NP -> goods to the support basket 
NP -> one thirty 
NP -> irna ' s report 
NP -> the head of tehran urban council 
NP -> a multi dimensional person 
NP -> america 's congress 
NP -> the bloody incidents 
NP -> air france company 
NP -> different places 
NP -> his clan 's tent 
NP -> the distinguishing power of this telescope 
NP -> the hormozgan province in this ceremony 
NP -> the resistance and its weapon 
NP -> russian gas 
NP -> a rise in numbers and figures 
NP -> mathnavi 
NP -> the most significant bridges 
NP -> gorgan in this regard 
NP -> electrical current 
NP -> his all beloved figures which named 
NP -> the same place too 
NP -> some arab countries 
NP -> their painful history 
NP -> the frontline and this time 
NP -> iraq and turkey and their strengthening 
NP -> the fuel needed by iraq 
NP -> the way social security plan implemented 
NP -> the citizens of this country 
NP -> the anniversary 
NP -> the mentioned threat 
NP -> regret 
NP -> four auspicious and refreshing births 
NP -> the independent country 
NP -> the invitation 
NP -> a lot because of this manuscript 
NP -> your priorities 
NP -> the major reserves 
NP -> the perspective 
NP -> turkey 's prime minister 
NP -> part in human rights 
NP -> palestine 's issue 
NP -> gas exporting countries 
NP -> this service 
NP -> human nature 
NP -> human being 
NP -> number of agricultural wells 
NP -> realization 
NP -> stockholm sweden 
NP -> intensification of inflation 
NP -> production to issuance of permit 
NP -> carpet 
NP -> the exit 
NP -> the composition 
NP -> these coin sewing 
NP -> the security plans 
NP -> commonwealth countries 
NP -> orientation 
NP -> the cooperation 
NP -> the expression 
NP -> construction and city development 
NP -> a good reception 
NP -> the positive points 
NP -> the governing atmosphere 
NP -> better and more communication with you 
NP -> the environment and mine 
NP -> the current circumstances equivalent 
NP -> virgin nature and tourist attractions 
NP -> practical ways 
NP -> internationalism 
NP -> strange blessings and everybody laugh 
NP -> a type of a stereotypical training 
NP -> the political reporters 
NP -> a large impact 
NP -> the arab 
NP -> arms 
NP -> the judge asadollah 
NP -> india and serilanka 
NP -> iran and russia conduct enrichment 
NP -> the next phase 
NP -> the location 
NP -> the israeli regime 
NP -> no effect 
NP -> the parasites 
NP -> one private company 
NP -> iraqi , turkish and american committee 
NP -> affairs of mosques 
NP -> the beginning of the current year 
NP -> iran ' s nuclear file 
NP -> the study job of this plan 
NP -> some governments 
NP -> the fourth discussion 
NP -> these conditions 
NP -> many other traditional arts 
NP -> the road 
NP -> ukraine 
NP -> har 
NP -> the southwest 
NP -> the interest rate 
NP -> the foreign minister of zionist regime 
NP -> the people of this country 
NP -> a few countries 
NP -> an interview with r 
NP -> fundamentalism 
NP -> the dossier 
NP -> non oil goods exports 
NP -> an inclusive inauguration ceremony 
NP -> the two wings 
NP -> architecture and urbanization 
NP -> yellow and petals flowers 
NP -> one and absolute 
NP -> economic neo 
NP -> the route 
NP -> the american airborne division 
NP -> the other classes 
NP -> iranian handicraft organizations 
NP -> khoozestan from south 
NP -> the officials of the islamic republic 
NP -> the personnel 
NP -> the trap 
NP -> a few long poems 
NP -> different sport fields 
NP -> people 's wasted time 
NP -> the distinguished retiree 
NP -> recalled head 
NP -> the present urgent situation 
NP -> expansion of hatred and racism 
NP -> the majority in short interval 
NP -> facial features 
NP -> the ranges 
NP -> responsibility for the three other provinces 
NP -> a population 
NP -> the heads of opec in arabia 
NP -> the internet site of '' doutsche 
NP -> a neighborhood 
NP -> great middle 
NP -> old traford 
NP -> waste thieves 
NP -> the world ' s health organization 
NP -> masoud movahedi '' stating iran code 
NP -> the third rank 
NP -> certain countries 
NP -> the final solution for peace 
NP -> the banks ' 
NP -> their statesmen 's 
NP -> bushehr university 
NP -> some ministers 
NP -> most of the production sectors 
NP -> president abdollah gol 
NP -> the historical record 
NP -> its inner white shell 
NP -> our priority 
NP -> the structure of their water sector 
NP -> researchers 
NP -> a dry and soft cloth 
NP -> the digital world 
NP -> the significant aims 
NP -> the strategic experts 
NP -> development activities 
NP -> military affiliates 
NP -> a duration 
NP -> open and deep wound 
NP -> abdolmaleki governor general 's nominator kermanshah 
NP -> the government of iran 
NP -> south pars 
NP -> mexico 
NP -> the zionistic regime 
NP -> impasse 
NP -> the steering of liquidity 
NP -> international law 
NP -> the leader 
NP -> the appearance of china and india 
NP -> hunger and thirst 
NP -> a member 
NP -> the necessary water 
NP -> america regarding the international peace conference 
NP -> the presented documents 
NP -> several books on sleeping disorders 
NP -> the malpractices 
NP -> the financial system of iran 
NP -> a more role in comparison 
NP -> the turkish budget 
NP -> a fish 
NP -> the increase in quality 
NP -> the congresses of this country 
NP -> six million barrels 
NP -> the reason that he 
NP -> reactions extended 
NP -> birds in this lake 
NP -> we in '' morning sport 
NP -> army 
NP -> his punishment 
NP -> females 
NP -> astrology 
NP -> a head coach in all persepolis 
NP -> this subject 
NP -> the stability 
NP -> this oppressed nation and their defense 
NP -> middle asia and mongolia 
NP -> iran ' s nuclear program 
NP -> new sophisticated weapons 
NP -> interview 
NP -> the threats of the bullying governments 
NP -> these events 
NP -> uav 
NP -> doctor 
NP -> one thing 
NP -> the destiny of sadra company 
NP -> those years 
NP -> the economic and business relations 
NP -> driver 's diversion to the left 
NP -> deep wells 
NP -> vali asr avenue and zartosht avenue 
NP -> those days desire 
NP -> every percentage reduction 
NP -> any justice 
NP -> executive 
NP -> the construction 
NP -> the pattern 
NP -> four years 
NP -> the high pressure transfer line 
NP -> deregulation 
NP -> woman 
NP -> force and war 
NP -> these committees 
NP -> marashi 
NP -> a value 
NP -> the world trade organization 's 
NP -> conflict with other interests 
NP -> board international atomic energy agency 
NP -> necessary measures 
NP -> this departure 
NP -> indian political sources 
NP -> industrial research 
NP -> the prophet 
NP -> sim cards in the market 
NP -> a real and serious illness 
NP -> the military personnel 
NP -> the viewpoints of these two movements 
NP -> a story 
NP -> abolghasem yaghoubi 
NP -> one airplanes of the pakistani airlines 
NP -> bandar abbas 
NP -> the captain 
NP -> valuable experience 
NP -> tehran said 
NP -> especially science and technology 
NP -> this fund 's capital 
NP -> economic policy makings of iran 
NP -> the previously mentioned sections 
NP -> impulse 
NP -> the britain ' s foreign ministry 
NP -> allah men 
NP -> jasem al abidi '' defense minister 
NP -> ethnic groups this declaration 
NP -> forces 
NP -> a high power laser 
NP -> the government ' s decision 
NP -> a consensus 
NP -> my motive 
NP -> pakistan 's soil 
NP -> a new enactment 
NP -> products for the new generation cooperatives 
NP -> some problems 
NP -> the way for his own re 
NP -> its hegemonic supremacy 
NP -> iraq , dr. ahmadinejad stressed 
NP -> russ 
NP -> natives 
NP -> the media 
NP -> the viewpoints of koran experts publishers 
NP -> democratic ssytems 
NP -> september of the following year 
NP -> these states subject 
NP -> all persepolis 
NP -> cancers of the digestion system 
NP -> its duties and responsibilities 
NP -> the instructions 
NP -> the enrichment process 
NP -> irancell people 
NP -> rust 
NP -> refining capacity 
NP -> strokes 
NP -> rahimi 's 
NP -> acceptability aminpour 
NP -> almost three fourths 
NP -> meetings with syrian high 
NP -> such people one day 
NP -> the budget of this medicine 
NP -> executive officials 
NP -> militarization 
NP -> current situation and reestablishment of democracy 
NP -> a mosque a silk curtain 
NP -> the correct approach 
NP -> the zionists ' crimes 
NP -> their probable attack 
NP -> the activities of universities 
NP -> the nihilism of '' karl popper 
NP -> tajikistan independence celebration 
NP -> defense against threats 
NP -> financial affairs 
NP -> multiple harmonics 
NP -> two women afghani 
NP -> this plan in accordance 
NP -> the matters and problems 
NP -> cultural exhibition institute 
NP -> the digging work 
NP -> virginia 
NP -> all the fields 
NP -> most violations 
NP -> people assemblies 
NP -> the other hand fakeh was else 
NP -> the islamic system 
NP -> several other representatives 
NP -> no fruit 
NP -> seventh night 
NP -> hossein barzin 
NP -> drip and rain irrigation 
NP -> an ingenious pay agreement policy 
NP -> several organizations 
NP -> hindu architectural heritage 
NP -> abdollah gul 
NP -> pakdasht 
NP -> negotiations with america 
NP -> conservative leanings 
NP -> the supporter 
NP -> this country tuesday evening 
NP -> the main palestinian issue 
NP -> the religion 
NP -> the high ranking authorities 
NP -> the religious culture in case 
NP -> one billion kilowatt electricity 
NP -> the indian ocean 
NP -> any inclination 
NP -> massive activities 
NP -> eye witnesses 
NP -> visit to rice 
NP -> the perch 
NP -> the heads of russia 
NP -> the issue of palestine and israel 
NP -> customs cooperation 's statement 
NP -> innovation in the contemporary verse 
NP -> ours 
NP -> the accident 
NP -> the efforts of the zionist regime 
NP -> the additional economic value 
NP -> the scholars 
NP -> a big and gratuitous privilege 
NP -> a transient measure 
NP -> the poet 
NP -> the swedish embassy 
NP -> every kind of your positive behavior 
NP -> the ratified laws 
NP -> islamic guidance of the provinces 
NP -> real information 
NP -> mousa qorbani 
NP -> a few backgrounds 
NP -> iraqis 
NP -> uranium 
NP -> ronnie 's 
NP -> the tape of the installed protractors 
NP -> time for mountain hiking 
NP -> the students ' 
NP -> the new academic year 
NP -> controversial 
NP -> the hygiene 
NP -> the planted bombs in different places 
NP -> the representative of damghan 
NP -> the britain ' 
NP -> sistan and bluchestan 
NP -> the other classes of society 
NP -> bureaucracy in the future 
NP -> growth perfection 
NP -> a report 
NP -> ziad nakhala 
NP -> the achievement 
NP -> the field of cinema 
NP -> some sellers 
NP -> social affairs and stock 
NP -> an immediate and complete pull 
NP -> the territory 
NP -> chain stores 
NP -> italy 
NP -> the higher council 
NP -> nicola sarkozy 
NP -> iraq neighbors in damascus 
NP -> this expert group 
NP -> my car 
NP -> our imagination 
NP -> some periodicals 
NP -> some internal currents 
NP -> the national championship competition 
NP -> the cultural resistance 
NP -> the task 
NP -> culture and civilization 
NP -> southern and south eastern provinces 
NP -> the nation will 
NP -> occupiers 
NP -> all islam followers shiite and sunnite 
NP -> this administration 
NP -> volunteers and partisans 
NP -> the smugglers 
NP -> the high commission 
NP -> natural sciences 
NP -> its second gyroscope 
NP -> net special for different networks 
NP -> different users across the country 
NP -> market price variables 
NP -> october 
NP -> the meeting of this faction 
NP -> a training course 
NP -> such efforts 
NP -> eve 
NP -> skin cells 
NP -> urban development and people 
NP -> the festival celebration 
NP -> their strengthening 
NP -> targets and parents 
NP -> these circumstances 
NP -> these matters 
NP -> all positions 
NP -> tehran municipality 
NP -> this winning runner of asia 
NP -> the second person 
NP -> incidents of east europe 
NP -> the selected palestine government 
NP -> fact development 
NP -> death 
NP -> the non - achievements 
NP -> the sea of mazandaran 
NP -> intensification of sanctions against iran 
NP -> liver cancer at the moment 
NP -> a women carrier 
NP -> all changes land 
NP -> signification 
NP -> the first rate items 
NP -> this news 
NP -> the other hand saddam 's 
NP -> the institutions of bosnia and herzegovina 
NP -> the tenth of the current year 
NP -> the newspapers 
NP -> the kurdistan workers party ' 
NP -> the riverside of the rhein 
NP -> the social relations 
NP -> same proximity 
NP -> other candidates 
NP -> a special season 
NP -> religions 
NP -> the oil company 
NP -> herself 
NP -> supply operations 
NP -> athens , thursday 
NP -> the iraq war 
NP -> this cultural tool 
NP -> bilateral issues 
NP -> this a synopsis of the news 
NP -> the original goods certificate and identity 
NP -> the god 
NP -> paris sharl dogol airport 
NP -> jalal oddin semnani 
NP -> the assessment 
NP -> the determination 
NP -> the technology of supplying nuclear energy 
NP -> islamic consultative assembly 
NP -> world health organization 
NP -> urban sociology 
NP -> a new atmosphere 
NP -> other historical buildings 
NP -> this single sentence 
NP -> robinson ' 
NP -> withdrawal 
NP -> his excellency arnold schwarzenegger 
NP -> this useful resource 
NP -> communication 
NP -> funds due from the government 
NP -> iran tehran 
NP -> tehran relations 
NP -> the outlook of the people 
NP -> the critics inside america 
NP -> these forces 
NP -> the sunny mountain 
NP -> the commanders of this force 
NP -> natural sciences phenomena 
NP -> the current price of oil 
NP -> efforts 
NP -> weakness of marketing 
NP -> a half century 
NP -> sewage 
NP -> the aggression 
NP -> contamination 
NP -> armed forces 
NP -> conflict 
NP -> diabetes scientific society of iran 
NP -> variety of traditional iranian products 
NP -> thousands 
NP -> his return to india 
NP -> the best quality 
NP -> the pull 
NP -> an immense acceptance 
NP -> the program of liquid gas imports 
NP -> guardian 
NP -> seyedeh maryam vaez 
NP -> optimism 
NP -> the boulevards of european cities 
NP -> this framework 
NP -> armament factories 
NP -> four parallel axis 
NP -> the global day of standard 
NP -> farsi poems 
NP -> < mischievousness 
NP -> mouth and throat 
NP -> the incidents that occur to you 
NP -> a great transformation 
NP -> gharbi 
NP -> www or ftp 
NP -> shape 
NP -> night of ghadr 
NP -> schools of realism and idealism 
NP -> the ladies issue 
NP -> the youths ' moving 
NP -> the merchants and traders 
NP -> the country 's cultural facilities 
NP -> different capacities 
NP -> medical treatment 
NP -> the autumn season 
NP -> cooperative funds 
NP -> the anti - american french 
NP -> the benefits of fasting psychologically medically 
NP -> sync with daybreak 
NP -> ayatollah kashani 
NP -> an indictor of this viewpoint 
NP -> young trainees 
NP -> many factors 
NP -> the president in this country 
NP -> the zionist regime and annulment 
NP -> imam ' s objection 
NP -> disclosure 
NP -> existence 
NP -> all indexes 
NP -> assembly of representatives 
NP -> the european union yesterday morning 
NP -> the ministry of internal affairs 
NP -> these preliminaries 
NP -> the owner of the house 
NP -> the arsenal 
NP -> nam 
NP -> the presidential election 
NP -> his policy 
NP -> reid 
NP -> paris and london consultations 
NP -> the american administration 
NP -> these problems 
NP -> the resources 
NP -> the party and individual interests 
NP -> ministry of foreign affairs 
NP -> attack time 
NP -> the organization of prisons 
NP -> this deficient election 
NP -> china and deng xiaoping 
NP -> the cooperative fund 
NP -> advertising 
NP -> elite class 
NP -> the field of natural resources 
NP -> the carrying 
NP -> extravagance 
NP -> advertising and planning headquarter 
NP -> politicians and legislators 
NP -> appropriate education 
NP -> the zionists ' trap 
NP -> the sink 
NP -> the operations 
NP -> motaki ' 
NP -> the remaining issues 
NP -> joint border posts 
NP -> some other verses 
NP -> decline 
NP -> deficiencies 
NP -> sisters and brothers 
NP -> many students 
NP -> the first president 
NP -> the nation one 
NP -> individuals for the evaluation system 
NP -> an ophthalmologist 
NP -> bicarbonate soda 
NP -> the occupation of middle 
NP -> the dynamic active faith 
NP -> road certain 
NP -> ammar 
NP -> ethnic group 
NP -> myths 
NP -> such experience 
NP -> surplus weight 
NP -> gentlemen 
NP -> this matter quoting alistar darling 
NP -> the wastes 
NP -> monotheist religions 
NP -> stratums 
NP -> new power plants 
NP -> western analysts 
NP -> its pavement en > 
NP -> the laboratory 
NP -> the change 
NP -> an easy accessibility 
NP -> this meeting in herat 
NP -> extensive endeavors 
NP -> robat karim 
NP -> investigations 
NP -> the new europe 
NP -> study 
NP -> delay 
NP -> a plot 
NP -> new conservatives 
NP -> these two aspects 
NP -> some moments of the game 
NP -> the current director 
NP -> traditional iranian products 
NP -> isfahan province 
NP -> hasan nasrollah 
NP -> the picture of a house 
NP -> ismail haniyeh 
NP -> automobile industry 
NP -> the municipality of tehran 
NP -> blow horns 
NP -> place in today 's world 
NP -> the awe 
NP -> the shiites 
NP -> the complete information of the shareholders 
NP -> a lot 
NP -> more a year 
NP -> an opportunity selection 
NP -> instances such as tariff rate 
NP -> amman 
NP -> zahedan 
NP -> the most important reason 
NP -> the arena of sociology and philosophy 
NP -> this presentation of familiar reasoning 
NP -> the five 
NP -> the cooperative sector 
NP -> the taj mahal 
NP -> a crowded area 
NP -> the zionist officer 
NP -> another part of his speech 
NP -> his own point of view interpretations 
NP -> haadi haghshenaas 
NP -> nouri maleki 
NP -> the last three months 
NP -> the forming of this bank 
NP -> the united arab 
NP -> the existence of a thing 
NP -> the young sister 
NP -> one french news agency ' 
NP -> the martyr mehdi bayat 
NP -> the history of human kind 
NP -> the national competitions 
NP -> samuel khachikian 
NP -> the cultural officials 
NP -> cinema and television and war 
NP -> pious figure 
NP -> the high speed 
NP -> ankara 's 
NP -> these reports 
NP -> the substance 
NP -> regional security 
NP -> many 
NP -> violation of respect 
NP -> israel in this regard said 
NP -> the turkish national parliament 
NP -> the prophet 's act 
NP -> a big success 
NP -> another part 
NP -> a strange anxiety 
NP -> today ' s world 
NP -> power in the middle 
NP -> pettiness and vileness and deprivation 
NP -> the same year i 
NP -> advancing 
NP -> national reconciliation 
NP -> long time 
NP -> regions south 
NP -> structure and efficiency 
NP -> participation at such fairs 
NP -> the islamic republic at least 
NP -> the issue of inflation in iran 
NP -> a realistic view 
NP -> federation and the physical education office 
NP -> the pages 
NP -> june in brussels 
NP -> all and dependence 
NP -> french 
NP -> a position 
NP -> afghanistan ministry 
NP -> the intensification 
NP -> one vote 
NP -> continuous infection tuberculosis and hiv 
NP -> domestic food 
NP -> course an extremely delicate discussion 
NP -> votes 
NP -> my other colleague 
NP -> enough oil 
NP -> the individuals and personages 
NP -> family fortunately 
NP -> professor dreck yan dike 
NP -> the country ' s economic realm 
NP -> the statements of lavroff at oslo 
NP -> a factor 
NP -> the physical appearance of this robot 
NP -> strategies 
NP -> construction 
NP -> course part 
NP -> the severe objection 
NP -> missile defense system 
NP -> their responsibility 
NP -> support of the housing production 
NP -> contractual basis 
NP -> the temptations 
NP -> demand and increase 
NP -> the high speed of the truck 
NP -> the father of a family . 
NP -> the turkish army 
NP -> quranic verses 
NP -> the thai government 
NP -> the container 
NP -> hierarchy 
NP -> turkey 's soldiers 
NP -> a joint deed 
NP -> strict sanctions 
NP -> the first period 
NP -> the same outlook 
NP -> the objects of this conference reminded 
NP -> these solutions lenience 
NP -> the english colonialism 
NP -> etelaat reporter 
NP -> only a name of a bank 
NP -> his opposition 
NP -> the iranian people 
NP -> deputy chairperson 
NP -> your voice 
NP -> demand 
NP -> balance between form and content 
NP -> mahmoudvand 
NP -> wheat and importation for flour factories 
NP -> country palestine 
NP -> contrast 
NP -> momenin 
NP -> the paintings of master farshchian 
NP -> court 
NP -> the deceased taleghani 
NP -> all surfaces and parts 
NP -> the railways 
NP -> the iraqi government dabbagh 
NP -> homeland 
NP -> stories and religious narrations 
NP -> some issues 
NP -> vienam 
NP -> dr. ahmadinejad 's administration 
NP -> the aids disease 
NP -> the pursuit 
NP -> much more tasks 
NP -> the intelligence organization of pakistan 
NP -> democracy in arab world 
NP -> every country and nation 
NP -> any need for goods 
NP -> human sciences 
NP -> ways 
NP -> appetite 
NP -> research plans 
NP -> other related countries 
NP -> rug 
NP -> their land 
NP -> iraqis and iranians 
NP -> a two 
NP -> these insufficiencies 
NP -> tourism section 
NP -> the exact date for his return 
NP -> this meeting ' 
NP -> instability 
NP -> state lands 
NP -> export issue 
NP -> cultural need 
NP -> a prelude 
NP -> the loss of that wise intellectual 
NP -> cinematic complex 
NP -> central bank ' s opposition 
NP -> the economic decision makings 
NP -> protocol and also cooperation 
NP -> the second time 
NP -> gholamhussein nozari 
NP -> lasting security 
NP -> the country 's historic backwardness 
NP -> the existence of this gap 
NP -> the introduction 
NP -> men of all epochs 
NP -> those who dream supper power 
NP -> hezbollah secretary general 
NP -> india 's nuclear cooperation 
NP -> the only possible choice 
NP -> a long 
NP -> the freestyle 
NP -> his elections slogan 
NP -> literature 
NP -> media in the member countries 
NP -> the retirement organization 
NP -> the x chromosome 
NP -> military tendency 
NP -> splendour 
NP -> example huckleberry which is darker 
NP -> the elimination of this problem 
NP -> the support basket 
NP -> faroogh 
NP -> its activity 
NP -> the other valuable characteristics 
NP -> administrative managers of this commissariat 
NP -> the roads katam square 
NP -> mohammad abedini 
NP -> religious and scientific schools 
NP -> shares 
NP -> engineer mohitali 
NP -> measures in the security council 
NP -> brochures films books 
NP -> the parallel work in this domain 
NP -> brochures and posters 
NP -> rainfall 
NP -> allocation 
NP -> several games 
NP -> our commercial regime 
NP -> the real need 
NP -> the countries 
NP -> the rival 
NP -> $ year ad 
NP -> arts and tourism organization 
NP -> stature of singularity 
NP -> european countries 
NP -> the democratic deputy 
NP -> occupying forces 
NP -> their governmental price 
NP -> aids 
NP -> good sport talents 
NP -> the increase in demand 
NP -> the general session 
NP -> the islamic culture 
NP -> pourmohammadi 
NP -> the private sector with him 
NP -> custom 
NP -> the problem of our country 
NP -> extra - national companies 
NP -> arakis ' 
NP -> dr mahmoud 
NP -> an orchestra in golsetan province 
NP -> the visit 
NP -> place in arabic and international framework 
NP -> one millimeter 
NP -> third reich 
NP -> the logic 
NP -> the expansionist policy 
NP -> the un in kuala 
NP -> this virtual society 
NP -> the highest point 
NP -> serious and determined positions 
NP -> makaremolakhlagh prayer 
NP -> his death 
NP -> the household negative view 
NP -> white colors 
NP -> the unaccountability 
NP -> islamic revolution of iran 
NP -> evil 
NP -> the assembly of experts of leadership 
NP -> a timetable 
NP -> the two metros of tehran 
NP -> the internal regulations in iraq 
NP -> his tangible people 
NP -> the related account with another card 
NP -> those times 
NP -> the drawings 
NP -> easy profit 
NP -> a necessary evil 
NP -> the floating shares 
NP -> the nuclear activities of iran 
NP -> the central bank 's resources 
NP -> their imam 
NP -> an ambulance 
NP -> headquarters in the government 
NP -> the economy 
NP -> maavede 
NP -> international inspectors 
NP -> afghanistan and defeat 
NP -> mr putin 
NP -> the classroom lessons 
NP -> the current treatments 
NP -> the massive capacity 
NP -> the transmission period 
NP -> influential groups 
NP -> tuesday 
NP -> friday imams 
NP -> various economic sectors 
NP -> the government and governmental economy 
NP -> the forgotten revolutionary 
NP -> the draft contract 
NP -> the first stone 
NP -> more inclinations in relation 
NP -> illegal fishing in the caspian 
NP -> these two organizations 
NP -> the political 
NP -> the festival 
NP -> the international media 
NP -> the zionist regime a humane solution 
NP -> this propaganda phenomenon 
NP -> the fall of abadan 
NP -> the domain of exclusive fishing 
NP -> the current developments in iraq 
NP -> gas exports 
NP -> such a province 
NP -> ethical principles 
NP -> the note 
NP -> minority muslims without any problem 
NP -> turkey 's military attack 
NP -> the congress party 
NP -> marviz 
NP -> duties 
NP -> the law activities of educational institutions 
NP -> pilgrimage 
NP -> the distribution of lurid cds 
NP -> the lebanese resistance groups 
NP -> growth of rice 
NP -> issue 
NP -> an effect 
NP -> the original issue 
NP -> foreign affair , husseini these statements 
NP -> plants and sources 
NP -> arakis ' district 
NP -> the theories 
NP -> these prayers 
NP -> the defense sector development 
NP -> an implied agreement 
NP -> most countries of the region 
NP -> this country from the south west 
NP -> a specialist journal 
NP -> the frame 
NP -> its candidate 
NP -> the denial 
NP -> doctors and nurses 
NP -> sinha 
NP -> the title 
NP -> tension between the west and iran 
NP -> political and military geography 
NP -> the past week in turkey 
NP -> $ year of christian 
NP -> the existing problem 
NP -> the presence of trade 
NP -> this sacred matter of the people 
NP -> one of the newspapers 
NP -> the artists 
NP -> standards of conduct 
NP -> narcotic drug 
NP -> the activation of the trilateral committee 
NP -> a practical view 
NP -> water and light reservation 
NP -> farooq qayum 
NP -> the palestinian citizens 
NP -> problems in their daily business 
NP -> austria 
NP -> the possibility 
NP -> a tool 
NP -> the growth of extremism 
NP -> islam karimov agreement 
NP -> the viewer 
NP -> deaths 
NP -> russian politicians 
NP -> a river 
NP -> a limit 
NP -> the global plans 
NP -> new sanctions 
NP -> mr. latifi 
NP -> this manner 
NP -> the propounded issue 
NP -> the state and private banks 
NP -> an objection 
NP -> special seats for women in parliament 
NP -> motivation 
NP -> the market level 
NP -> the mountainous 
NP -> the high level of ground water 
NP -> world bank loans 
NP -> the u.s. youth 
NP -> his widespread consultations 
NP -> the palestine issue 
NP -> a new bank 
NP -> science ministry 
NP -> the new ronald inyo 
NP -> a jew 
NP -> protein specially red 
NP -> the camps of new conservatives 
NP -> the routes 
NP -> action in such a way 
NP -> the joint scientific 
NP -> these sheikhs and arab countries 
NP -> the spring of nature 
NP -> bloom in ordibehesht 
NP -> the population point 
NP -> the world ' s economy 
NP -> a very difficult issue 
NP -> dolphins 
NP -> a remarkable degree 
NP -> a nation 
NP -> culture and guidance 
NP -> a nongovernmental sector 
NP -> his soldiers 
NP -> the regional authorities of iraqi kurdistan 
NP -> an unannounced manner 
NP -> policies 
NP -> warm soil 
NP -> the strength of its army 
NP -> dr. houshang kavosi 
NP -> asghar majidi 
NP -> qods 
NP -> cultural institute 
NP -> some years ago 
NP -> the predominance 
NP -> a far 
NP -> complaint based upon money 
NP -> the proposed strategies 
NP -> this insurance coverage 
NP -> the good movements 
NP -> alkarim heydarizadeh 
NP -> the kremlin 
NP -> behnaz sigarchi 
NP -> the cases should be closed 
NP -> people of our party 
NP -> the persian gulf region 
NP -> switzerland 
NP -> tombstones 
NP -> the likes 
NP -> the formation 
NP -> smuggle bands of weapons 
NP -> the parliamentary election 
NP -> others 
NP -> the crisis in iraq 
NP -> power of india and iran 
NP -> related unions in the province 
NP -> abdolmaleki office nominator 
NP -> the prices in iran 
NP -> the executer 
NP -> the trip of putin 
NP -> leaders 
NP -> turkey ' s parliament 
NP -> the next year 
NP -> this title 
NP -> a political theory , the reason 
NP -> imam hassan mojtaba ( pbuh ) 
NP -> iran contrary 
NP -> tel aviv 
NP -> hygiene and treatment 
NP -> the eide fetr prayers 
NP -> a group enghelab 
NP -> the armed forces headquarters 
NP -> family 
NP -> these theories 
NP -> the former secretary 
NP -> construction affaires of central governorship 
NP -> masoud saad salman 
NP -> a high 
NP -> all types 
NP -> najm 
NP -> the american forces 
NP -> the passengers of fakeh 
NP -> the list 
NP -> continuation of his press interview 
NP -> only one third 
NP -> the obliteration 
NP -> a solution for solving our problem 
NP -> nuclear weapons 
NP -> the sixteenth congress hu jingtao 
NP -> women of cities of the country 
NP -> the temporary authority under american leadership 
NP -> the officials of robat karim 
NP -> tablets of honor 
NP -> the bourse company 
NP -> arrears 
NP -> the border areas 
NP -> the industries and mines of iran 
NP -> the past year 
NP -> psychiatrists 
NP -> the slave laborers 
NP -> the master of azadegan 
NP -> some minutes of the game 
NP -> the viewpoints of american circles 
NP -> the absence of such an approach 
NP -> one of the credible 
NP -> the phases 
NP -> their unrest 
NP -> these universities 
NP -> a military presence 
NP -> such a situation 
NP -> the end of the demonstration 
NP -> the small facilities and lack 
NP -> the star in the third day 
NP -> the european champion clubs cup 
NP -> these countries 
NP -> irna report quoting n 
NP -> the greatest bounties of this month 
NP -> friendship and sympathy 
NP -> the english forces in iraq 
NP -> the foreign investment in the state 
NP -> marital life 
NP -> each country 
NP -> abd - alkarim heydarizadeh '' 
NP -> the internal situation 
NP -> several telephone lines and faxes 
NP -> the protests 
NP -> a vast hall 
NP -> this destructive phenomenon 
NP -> martyr rajaie festival 
NP -> the last years and willingness 
NP -> shah iran 
NP -> multiplicity of power in administrative issues 
NP -> the trading problem 
NP -> homogeneity 
NP -> national reconciliation government 
NP -> a budget 
NP -> a conspiracy for putin 
NP -> the extraterritorial operations of turkish army 
NP -> foreign minister of bahrain 
NP -> golestan 
NP -> the birthday anniversary 
NP -> mutual understanding 
NP -> advanatges 
NP -> an internal cooling system 
NP -> these states 
NP -> davoudi 
NP -> russia shocking 
NP -> wednesday 
NP -> non inclusion 
NP -> cholera in patients 
NP -> the part connected to the colon 
NP -> substantial costs 
NP -> belits 
NP -> the following few decades 
NP -> the leader of revolution 
NP -> the majority of the members 
NP -> andimeshk 
NP -> the tape to fardoost 
NP -> artificial eye drops 
NP -> the arrow 
NP -> the nihilism 
NP -> the arab countries ' 
NP -> the antiterrorism service of france 
NP -> the dominion 
NP -> the king of arabia 
NP -> compromise and deal 
NP -> a way that it even led 
NP -> the immunity 
NP -> the country quran 
NP -> intuition 
NP -> the same capitulation behavior 
NP -> all the words 
NP -> cooperative laws 
NP -> anything poland 
NP -> the combination 
NP -> hard days 
NP -> the option 
NP -> the three other provinces 
NP -> sistan and baluchestan 
NP -> smugglers 
NP -> hatamikia 's most successful movie 
NP -> a high rate 
NP -> brt 
NP -> iraq iran 
NP -> short and long movies 
NP -> fetures 
NP -> the more modernism 
NP -> other world nations 
NP -> salami 
NP -> jame ' eh region 
NP -> foreign missions 
NP -> these meetings 
NP -> the u.s. newspaper 
NP -> many of university consultation centers 
NP -> feeding fasting people 
NP -> another bill in relation 
NP -> the many needs 
NP -> olama and their companions 
NP -> some successes 
NP -> four to five years 
NP -> revitalize united states ' 
NP -> jealousy 
NP -> mavieh ages 
NP -> financial 
NP -> gravity of our mobility 
NP -> political tools 
NP -> the party of united russia 
NP -> this respect washington 
NP -> some of '' economic brains 
NP -> the old atmosphere 
NP -> the entry of any goods 
NP -> the basij resistance forces 
NP -> a security threat 
NP -> the major characteristic 
NP -> the province 
NP -> mohammad kazem 
NP -> those children 
NP -> any markets 
NP -> ammar in quarn 
NP -> the industry and mine sector 
NP -> sale drop of japanese car producers 
NP -> irna from beirut 
NP -> a specialist in criminal issues 
NP -> a speech 
NP -> another pillar 
NP -> the situation of these twin explorers 
NP -> mutual confidence 
NP -> presidency pointed 
NP -> christ 
NP -> dissolution and merging 
NP -> the leadership of the government 
NP -> these batteries 
NP -> total 
NP -> geneva on friday 
NP -> culture of sacrifice and martyrdom 
NP -> voice of germany 
NP -> the juridical complex 
NP -> inter fax 
NP -> ben gourion 
NP -> the non 
NP -> arches and domes 
NP -> a system 
NP -> strategic studies center 
NP -> iraq 's territorial integrity 
NP -> the anger of people in turkey 
NP -> young trainees of congress 
NP -> the king of jordan 
NP -> needlework 
NP -> his achievements 
NP -> this word 
NP -> h virus 
NP -> opinions 
NP -> his lack 
NP -> many agreements 
NP -> two or three days 
NP -> the temperature and humidity 
NP -> a full - time group 
NP -> this telescope 
NP -> this point putin 
NP -> the showing of the film 
NP -> creation human humans in quarn 
NP -> economic conditions 
NP -> the two israeli soldiers 
NP -> the chance 
NP -> their talents 
NP -> love and mysticism 
NP -> joint manufacturing 
NP -> the body 
NP -> the sequences 
NP -> such an innumerable americanism 
NP -> a completely different intention 
NP -> the hope of the future 
NP -> a number of countries ' representatives 
NP -> trouble for them 
NP -> the brother 's 
NP -> the obvious attributes 
NP -> the office of irna 
NP -> the brick eight 
NP -> a neutral country 
NP -> the current treatments of flight fatigue 
NP -> the basis of presented information 
NP -> his opinions 
NP -> the prediction 
NP -> this issue and their view 
NP -> military conflict between iran and america 
NP -> other interests 
NP -> maliki 
NP -> the statistics of massacre in guatemala 
NP -> many advantages 
NP -> a toyota 
NP -> members of parliament 
NP -> the changes done in some lanes 
NP -> consultation family members 
NP -> media 
NP -> the cession 
NP -> sam brannen 
NP -> the hospitals 
NP -> this constitution 
NP -> loans 
NP -> the enemy ' s country 
NP -> turkey 's kurdistan workers 
NP -> the plan for raising social security 
NP -> atlantic treaty organization 
NP -> market success 
NP -> the production 
NP -> the level of the political advisors 
NP -> republics of former yugoslavia 
NP -> neda shahsavari 
NP -> factors that lead to its rise 
NP -> almost the same number of volunteers 
NP -> former chief minister of andraperadesh state 
NP -> the final conclusion 
NP -> this work 
NP -> his back upright 
NP -> no news 
NP -> a suitable place for construction 
NP -> growth perfection and humanitarian conditions 
NP -> nation 's 
NP -> a population of approximately five million 
NP -> the result of the right way 
NP -> the kind and justice 
NP -> the prosecutor of economic crimes 
NP -> way of accessing strategic products 
NP -> tourists in all over the world 
NP -> naja 
NP -> this company 
NP -> the women ' s affairs 
NP -> the addressee of god 
NP -> the budget 
NP -> the privatization process of all countries 
NP -> his face 
NP -> the support of local authorities 
NP -> bottles 
NP -> members ' 
NP -> example aba eban 
NP -> the military coup 
NP -> the pressure of thirst 
NP -> thailand 's population 
NP -> the common field 
NP -> minority 's rights 
NP -> the price fall 
NP -> its duty 
NP -> mangella 
NP -> specific terms of isteaza 
NP -> turkey with a positive vote 
NP -> atmospheric disorder 
NP -> their need 
NP -> seyyed ahmad safavi 
NP -> furniture 
NP -> barrier wall 
NP -> the news agency of reuters 
NP -> this commission 
NP -> khuzestan 
NP -> the training 
NP -> an agreement with these three countries 
NP -> this great and bountiful country 
NP -> your claims 
NP -> the students ' parents 
NP -> care of others 
NP -> decision for others 
NP -> strong players 
NP -> a particular logic 
NP -> north atlantic treaty organization 
NP -> the important point 
NP -> the previous copy 
NP -> consultations and talks 
NP -> nima 
NP -> veterans 
NP -> every muslim man and woman 
NP -> types and sorts 
NP -> japan 's government 
NP -> dr mohammad jafar mojarad 
NP -> the present time 
NP -> iran ' s trout 
NP -> the twentieth century 
NP -> its strategic planning 
NP -> isphahan 
NP -> maliki administration 
NP -> the seljuk 's 
NP -> its accurate explication 
NP -> the regional energy 
NP -> love and enthusiasm 
NP -> one country inflicts 
NP -> another part of his discussion 
NP -> the crash plan 
NP -> the economic decision 
NP -> no problems 
NP -> universities 
NP -> the promised mahdi 
NP -> our forces in iraq 
NP -> these four five years 
NP -> the trilateral committee 
NP -> adorno in regard to music 
NP -> a great program 
NP -> farsi speakers ' television 
NP -> their nations 
NP -> sympathy 
NP -> any government 
NP -> the success of this conference 
NP -> the writer 
NP -> this common concept of expenses decrease 
NP -> the petroleumprice 
NP -> debated areas 
NP -> international standards 
NP -> abdullah 
NP -> a difficult and old issue 
NP -> turkmenistan 's 
NP -> the kurdish rebels 
NP -> america and england 
NP -> half a billion kilograms of pesticides 
NP -> possibilities ventures 
NP -> the world bank itself 
NP -> the beginning of current week 
NP -> writers 
NP -> republican party 
NP -> democrats 
NP -> today 's people 
NP -> bank interest rate reduction 
NP -> some justifications 
NP -> faramarz payvar 
NP -> the world trade organization 
NP -> schools 
NP -> putin ' 
NP -> the egg 
NP -> israeli nationality 
NP -> a combining pattern and third model 
NP -> an orchestra 
NP -> mass manufacturers and members 
NP -> instability in iraq 
NP -> growth and nourishment of children 
NP -> this measure 
NP -> valdir putin '' 
NP -> the bus stations 
NP -> civil rights 
NP -> the life of today 's people 
NP -> a thousand forces 
NP -> their interest 
NP -> some kinds 
NP -> i radi 
NP -> the ancient continent iran 
NP -> ayatollah hashemi rafsanjani 
NP -> these three countries 
NP -> the confrontation of terrorism 
NP -> concerns 
NP -> every country 
NP -> demographic variables 
NP -> millions 
NP -> no solution other 
NP -> india ' 
NP -> the concept of urban sociology revolves 
NP -> the taxpayers in the present year 
NP -> autumn 
NP -> example 
NP -> the land 
NP -> the washing powder 
NP -> these formations 
NP -> the issued order 
NP -> planning 
NP -> political organization 
NP -> contaminated water 
NP -> this council in fact 
NP -> the economic matters 
NP -> their interests 
NP -> the charge 
NP -> research accomplishments 
NP -> the basij of the stratums 
NP -> governmental documents 
NP -> the sanctum en > 
NP -> azadegan 
NP -> the state ' s economic capabilities 
NP -> knowledge , contemplation and deliberation 
NP -> one hundred percent 
NP -> gas in this country 
NP -> these two important acts at first 
NP -> the western powers 
NP -> iran neither tehran nor kerman 
NP -> sided comb 
NP -> the most objections 
NP -> the newest state of america 
NP -> bilateral issues and parliamentary cooperation 
NP -> the same subject tom lantos 
NP -> the credible 
NP -> addition to the deposition of violators 
NP -> any deeds 
NP -> shahrood damgan cities 
NP -> the authorities of islamic economy organization 
NP -> occurrence 
NP -> the expansion and deepening 
NP -> share 
NP -> the full house 
NP -> his finger prints 
NP -> majid entezami 
NP -> election as the president 
NP -> any share for the groups 
NP -> iraq on others 
NP -> the crimes and unreasonable massacre 
NP -> the ambassadors of iran 
NP -> the issue of conveyance of information 
NP -> the realities 
NP -> the gas quota 
NP -> his government and the us 
NP -> terrorism regulation 
NP -> regard 
NP -> irrevocable losses 
NP -> the charges 
NP -> the recognition 
NP -> ulcer of mouth and throat 
NP -> the russian president 's special envoy 
NP -> the united states house committee 
NP -> a textual and fluency viewpoint 
NP -> lung infection 
NP -> here quran first says : 
NP -> the khakis 
NP -> the expert mother companies 
NP -> ear ache babies 
NP -> einstein and galileo 
NP -> some delay 
NP -> the sea 
NP -> the two people immigrant families 
NP -> america and leaders 
NP -> health and treatment 
NP -> the talents 
NP -> various kinds 
NP -> sugar cube and candies 
NP -> a short distance 
NP -> this illegal creation in the region 
NP -> a sign of this issue 
NP -> the title of gharz - al 
NP -> different issues 
NP -> the plutonium 
NP -> oran 
NP -> saturday reported 
NP -> shinhava news agency 
NP -> the first country of the region 
NP -> the document 
NP -> world public opinion 
NP -> law breaching and disrespect 
NP -> the request of the iraqi counterpart 
NP -> ordinary dishwashing liquid 
NP -> the plans of this package 
NP -> the preliminary meeting of today 
NP -> martyr and devotees 
NP -> the economic cooperation the two countries 
NP -> a source of pride for sudan 
NP -> production and consumption 
NP -> europe and america 
NP -> his expensive elections propagandas 
NP -> </en> 
NP -> foreign investors 
NP -> russians ' 
NP -> brown government 
NP -> trade minister 
NP -> party and political group 
NP -> the main object of this conference 
NP -> britain officials 
NP -> the hatred 
NP -> the sidelines of holding 
NP -> pilgrims to mecca 
NP -> the gas quote 
NP -> the envoy and special deputy 
NP -> the cooperation of egypt 
NP -> muslim 
NP -> the great soprano singer 
NP -> a convergent europe 
NP -> the fight 
NP -> this change of policy - making 
NP -> tired and angry passengers 
NP -> the enemy 
NP -> a vessel 
NP -> a great poet 
NP -> course among the small problems 
NP -> the activities 
NP -> the review and evaluation 
NP -> the attraction of the market 
NP -> the vicinity 
NP -> the seventh 
NP -> irregular utilization 
NP -> extremely small creatures 
NP -> my motive in publishing this book 
NP -> the hague court 
NP -> the significance 
NP -> september 
NP -> all educational groups 
NP -> the united states and france 
NP -> the supply 
NP -> a manner 
NP -> a few past decades 
NP -> figures 
NP -> ghanbari 
NP -> the enrichment 
NP -> me who can do everything 
NP -> evolutionary view 
NP -> activities of the third central council 
NP -> other developing countries 
NP -> the current unrest 
NP -> the readers 
NP -> the first day 
NP -> the other side of the oceans 
NP -> radiological weapon 
NP -> this new technology 
NP -> the communist party marxist branch 
NP -> the capital of companies 
NP -> the national palestinian resistance 
NP -> the prophet house ( a ) 
NP -> northern iraq 
NP -> this countries 
NP -> silence 
NP -> the philanthropists present 
NP -> these sources 
NP -> opening 
NP -> the art department of the province 
NP -> the research article 
NP -> local officials 
NP -> adults 
NP -> america 's involvement in iraq 
NP -> the first decades 
NP -> the metabolism of food material 
NP -> several commercial names 
NP -> books in leisure time 
NP -> united front 
NP -> che 's friends 
NP -> war in iraq 
NP -> their daily business 
NP -> blits 
NP -> thoughts 
NP -> operations 
NP -> a rose garden 
NP -> hasan fazlallah member of lebanese parliament 
NP -> a set of ancient iranian items 
NP -> police intelligence 
NP -> the suicide operatives 
NP -> this populism 
NP -> these activities in order 
NP -> libya 
NP -> unilateral action 
NP -> the non return 
NP -> my problem 
NP -> epistemology and sociology 
NP -> forty hours 
NP -> month ramadan and another 
NP -> the grounds 
NP -> the outside of the meeting 
NP -> the verses 
NP -> koran of jorjani > 
NP -> the government ' s policies 
NP -> the people of the world 
NP -> governor 
NP -> verses and stories 
NP -> child psychology 
NP -> an illustration 
NP -> kurdistan workers ' party 
NP -> this incident until now ashkhabad 
NP -> public hygiene 
NP -> his priority 
NP -> sale of oil 
NP -> several names 
NP -> a proper choice 
NP -> the morphine 
NP -> the mind 
NP -> their spouses 
NP -> the headquarters 
NP -> a competitive economy 
NP -> the interviewees 
NP -> private sector 
NP -> the last of proposed strategies 
NP -> political ambition 
NP -> vaster actions 
NP -> the metabolism 
NP -> roads 
NP -> denmark 's reaction 
NP -> interference 
NP -> spanish background 
NP -> the alternative 
NP -> citizens 
NP -> babies at the time of earache 
NP -> a variety 
NP -> the seventh biennial 
NP -> a committee 
NP -> mr. hashemi rafsanjani 
NP -> chalkaroud 
NP -> the presence of quasi state 
NP -> the mountain and difficult circumstances 
NP -> temporary pressures 
NP -> their facilities from gorgestan and moldavi 
NP -> the probability of his candidacy 
NP -> the birth 
NP -> pit 
NP -> channel 
NP -> documentary 
NP -> second public meeting 
NP -> atomic energy 
NP -> the economic status 
NP -> valuable people in the organization 
NP -> the other stages 
NP -> the ethical virtues 
NP -> humanitarian conditions 
NP -> pocket hold honey 
NP -> the next few days 
NP -> folic acid and group 
NP -> a constant form 
NP -> all countries 
NP -> oil and industries 
NP -> term deposits on agenda in order 
NP -> the family atmosphere 
NP -> the ratification in the american assembly 
NP -> pezeshki 
NP -> lisbon 
NP -> their instrument 
NP -> deep valleys 
NP -> consensus 
NP -> the canal bed in special boxes 
NP -> the remaining traces 
NP -> the president of iran 
NP -> justice and balance 
NP -> low capacity 
NP -> an activity 
NP -> the cabinet 
NP -> niknahad the supervisor 
NP -> problems 
NP -> the third noble sanctuary 
NP -> patience and tolerance 
NP -> the president of the republic 
NP -> iraqi officials 
NP -> young people 
NP -> industry and oil 
NP -> any name and address of themselves 
NP -> simple 
NP -> automobile spare parts 
NP -> the role of investors 
NP -> the u.s. attack 
NP -> his very valuable book 
NP -> iran with the agency 
NP -> this study 
NP -> one of these factors 
NP -> john edwards 
NP -> the strikes 
NP -> our forces 
NP -> international political tensions 
NP -> stock information base 
NP -> zahra rahimi 
NP -> the dutch 
NP -> the world level 
NP -> three rounds of negotiations 
NP -> shahre 
NP -> the striker 
NP -> any harm 
NP -> a place near the jamena stream 
NP -> individuals attached protocol and also cooperation 
NP -> possible sanctions 
NP -> torbat heidarieh 
NP -> a meal dawn 
NP -> the specialized discussions 
NP -> judiciary developments 
NP -> its building 
NP -> kushner visit 
NP -> bibak 
NP -> islamic revolution 
NP -> the jordan river 
NP -> the comprehensiveness of approach 
NP -> alio marie 
NP -> the international geopolitical map 
NP -> the next two to three months 
0
